0 russian:crimea:ukraine:russia:ukrainian
510350	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-04 04:18:01	Loyalties strained behind enemy lines	AN showdown between a Ukrainian naval chief who defected to the Russians and the man who replaced him have placed loyalties under strain in Crimea.
510832	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-04 05:18:00	Loyalties strained behind enemy lines	A SHOWDOWN between a Ukrainian naval chief who defected to the Russians and his replacement has caused strain in Crimea.
517996	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-05 00:17:52	Strange standoff between former allies	SURROUNDED by the Russian forces who took over much of their military air base in Crimea, some 300 Ukrainian troops have made a peaceful attempt to retake their airfield at Belbek.
526667	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-06 00:18:37	UN envoy hounded out of Crimea	UN ENVOY Robert Serry was on the phone in a cafe in Ukraine, surrounded by armed men in camouflage who directed him to leave the country.
525931	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-05 22:18:39	UN envoy menaced out of Crimea	A UN special envoy has cut short his mission in Crimea after being threatened by 10 to 15 armed men and ordered to leave the region.
526378	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-05 23:18:38	UN envoy menaced out of Crimea	UN ENVOY Robert Serry was on the phone in a cafe in Ukraine, surrounded by armed men in camouflage who directed him to leave the country.
500270	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-02 22:16:47	Russia tightens grip on Crimea	RUSSIAN forces have surrounded a Ukrainian army base just as the country’s military prepared to respond to Russia’s takeover of Crimea.
501229	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-03 01:16:44	Russia tightens grip on Crimea	RUSSIAN forces have surrounded a Ukrainian army base just as the country’s military was put on high alert to respond to Moscow’s takeover of Crimea.
481196	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-27 22:24:05	Crimea standoff a ‘dangerous game’	MASKED gunmen have stormed the parliament of Ukraine's strategic Crimea region as Russian fighter jets screamed above the border.
533818	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-06 22:18:24	US acts as Crimea plans to join Russia	CRIMEA’S parliament has voted to secede and join Russia, as Barack Obama declared such a move would violate international law.
881779	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-03 01:47:58	I was wrong on Crimea: ousted leader	OUSTED president Viktor Yanukovyc has vowed to try to persuade Russia to return Crimea to Ukraine.
531642	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-06 16:18:28	Protesters force UN envoy to flee	UN special envoy to Crimea Robert Serry has cut short a mission after being threatened by pro-Russian gunmen.
545812	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-09 00:19:50	Russian convoys roll into Crimea	DOZENS of military trucks transporting heavily armed soldiers have rumbled into Crimea as Russia reinforced its armed presence in Ukraine.
491568	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-01 06:16:50	Russia tightens grip on Crimea	THE new Ukrainian government will hold its first cabinet meeting today, amid fears of secession in restive Crimea.
507289	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-03 18:18:08	How Moscow pulled strings in Crimea	A WEEK ago, Dmitry Polonsky was a fringe activist in the Ukrainian province of Crimea.
569873	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-12 00:39:37	Crimea votes as Ukraine crisis escalates	CRIMEA’S parliament has voted for independence from Ukraine, as the US and Russia locked horns in one of their fiercest clashes since the Cold War.
723456	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-16 03:25:10	Russians ‘invade Crimea’ ahead of poll	UKRAINE says Russia has invaded a region bordering Crimea and vowed to use “all necessary measures” to repel an attack.
725804	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-16 21:25:16	Crimea votes to join Russia	CRIMEANS have voted overwhelmingly to join former political master Russia amid the worst East-West crisis since the Cold War.
726558	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-17 01:25:17	West seeks to halt annex of Crimea	THE West is taking steps to increase sanctions against Russia after a referendum in Crimea which many see as a precursor to annexing the peninsula.
727147	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-17 04:25:17	Crimea jubilant as West eyes sanctions	THE West is taking steps to increase sanctions against Russia after a referendum in Crimea which many see as a precursor to annexing the peninsula.
727601	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-17 06:25:18	Crimea jubilant as West eyes sanctions	CRIMEA will formally apply to join Russia after voting to split from Ukraine, as Europe prepared to hit Moscow with a wave of sanctions.
727742	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-17 07:25:18	Russia facing sanctions after Crimea vote	CRIMEA will formally apply to join Russia after voting to split from Ukraine, as Europe prepared to hit Moscow with a wave of sanctions.
483975	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-28 07:15:23	Fears grow of regional conflict in Crimea	UKRAINE’S ousted pro-Moscow president is set to hold a press conference overnight after emerging defiant from hiding.
774786	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-22 19:17:07	Crimea base invaded	ARMOURED vehicles backed by troops pointing guns at unarmed soldiers stormed a Ukrainian airbase in Crimea.
779590	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-23 15:17:08	Putin ‘trying to splinter Europe’	ELITE Russian troops firing into the air and backed by armoured vehicles have stormed a Ukrainian airbase in Crimea.
804239	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-26 02:17:12	A kiss, and Ukrainian troops leave Crimea	GIVING last-minute kisses to wives and girlfriends, Ukrainian marines in Crimea piled into buses to head back to the mainland.
815482	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-27 04:17:14	'Nyet!': Ukrainian women call sex strike	SANCTIONS didn’t dissuade Russia from annexing Crimea, but a group of Ukrainian women want a new embargo: no sex for Russian men.
825207	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-28 00:17:15	UN rejects Russian annexation of Crimea	THE UN General Assembly has adopted a Western-backed resolution which refuses to recognise Russia's annexation of the Crimea peninsula.
532198	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-06 17:27:10	Andrey Kurkov: Why I stayed as the crisis in Ukraine flared	The Ukrainian novelist was determined not to be cowed as rioting rocked Kiev and Russia moved troops into Crimea Russian military manoeuvres have been successfully completed – that was Vladimir Putin's message to members of the press gathered at his residence outside Moscow. True, he added that Russia reserved the right to carry out new military manoeuvres on Ukrainian territory at any time. Another morning without war. It is horrifying to think that tomorrow or the day after we may not be able to say that, but today Kiev is quiet. Everyone is hurrying about their business. Drivers have become more polite. They were never particularly aggressive, but now their respectful gestures have a new significance. While taking the children to school, I have also found myself stopping to let someone come out of a side road or do a U-turn across double white lines. What difference does a slight infringement of the highway code make when every law of decent society is flouted? These days my children go to school with a little more enthusiasm. They have something to discuss and even debate with their classmates. They follow the news closely and earnestly recount how the Ukrainian officer Yuli Mamchur and his soldiers, all unarmed, set out to retake Belbek, a Ukrainian airbase in Sevastopol that had been occupied by armed Russian troops, and how they advanced, singing the Ukrainian national anthem, in spite of the Russian troops' warning shots. The children know all about the Ternopol, a Ukrainian warship whose captain, in reply to a Russian admiral's command to surrender, said, Russians do not surrender!, going on to explain that he, Captain Emelyanchenko, was ethnically Russian as were half of his crew. The admiral left empty-handed. I am also Russian, an ethnic Russian who has lived in Kiev from early childhood. Between 8 and 14 million of Ukraine's 47 million population are ethnic Russians and the word Russian doesn't give rise to any aggression among Ukrainians or spark any glint of hatred in their eyes. My grandfather was the first to arrive on Ukrainian soil. He came in 1943, was killed in the battle to free Kharkiv and is buried in a mass grave at the railway junction of Valki, not far from the city. He died fighting against fascism and now I hear the word fascist used about me because I am against the occupation of my country by Putin's army, because I am against the state of total corruption created by Yanukovich and his clan, because I want the country where I live to be guided by the rule of law. No, I am not a political activist and have never joined any political party and I don't plan to join one. I am simply a citizen of my country. I don't wish to sound melodramatic. I don't like glorious speeches and slogans. I just like life and people. I know that people need faith, ideals, convictions and the freedom to be mistaken in their ideas. For Ukrainians, Russians or anyone else, it's the same. My personal ideal can be summed up as European values. The ideal for many Russian-speaking inhabitants of Crimea is a glorious Russia. I was in Sevastopol at the beginning of January. The Russian flag was displayed on the windscreen of almost every bus and private car. On a wooden stage on Grafskaya Peer, next to the Russian Naval Club, a women's choir in Russian national dress sang Russian Christmas songs. Crimea has never displayed Ukrainian-ness. Few people there speak Ukrainian, few people know Kiev, let alone the beautiful western Ukrainian city of Lviv. Crimea's Russian-speaking population is interested in Moscow and that is hardly a crime. The Ukraine is a complex, multi-ethnic country in desperate need of intelligent and professional politicians. Until now it has had some terribly bad luck in that department. In 2005, after the Orange Revolution, Viktor Yushchenko visited the Zakarpattia region and was upset when, in a Ukrainian-Hungarian village on the border, people did not answer his questions in Ukrainian. A few days later the Ukrainian ministry of education banned the teaching of the school programme through the medium of minority languages and ordered that all teaching should take place in the state language, Ukrainian. Folly is quick to achieve, but very difficult to unravel. Yushchenko faded into Ukrainian history and Viktor Yanukovich slithered in to worm and squirm, enlarging and tightening the knot. You have a country and a people that is psychologically traumatised. As a result of colossal efforts by Russian TV channels and mass media, everyone is hunting for fascists. The pro-Russian Ukrainians as well as most Russian citizens believe the fascists are on the Maidan and in western Ukraine, while pro-Ukrainian Ukrainians point at the Kremlin and Crimea, and the children in the village 80km west of Kiev, where we go at the weekends, play war games dashing about and shouting: Putin kaput! (Down with Putin! Putin kaput is a remake of Hitler kaput – very popular words from all Soviet war films.) Each person chooses the reality of their day-to-day life. Some choose the confined reality of their family and friends, unwilling to take up any position and just waiting for it all to stop. Others choose the political reality, attending the meetings of one or other faction, while some people make the current reality their temporary place of work, trying to benefit somehow from the situation. So far the only beneficiaries have been the flower- and candle-sellers. Every day thousands of people lay flowers and light candles on and around Independence square. In the churches, there are many more candles burning than usual. People who previously never entered a church and who did not know how to make the sign of the cross now stand praying in front of icons, quite possibly beside someone from the opposing camp. I like to think that there will not be any war, that the worst is behind us. That way I feel better. I want to see the present reality in terms of material for a memoir, something that is already in the past. In Kiev they've stopped setting light to cars at night. Strange people in civilian clothes no longer surround an individual to ask the way to University metro station and check whether he is one of the guys who has come to Kiev to join the Maidan protest. Maidan activists are not being abducted any more, but more than 300 of them are still missing, feared dead. There are no more government sponsored anti-Maidan demonstrations supported by state employees and people who just wanted to earn a bit of extra money. About 30 people from our village have now lost that particular source of income. They were paid 250 UAH (£15) a day to stand in Maryinski park, in front of the parliament, with Party of Regions flags and slogans in support of Yanukovich. They were given tea and food, but the menu was poor so they tended to go down to the Maidan, where volunteer cooks from cafes and restaurants all over Kiev served up hot meals made with products donated by other Kievites. Later when the organisers of the anti-Maidan meeting realised what was happening they closed the passage down to the Maidan and threatened not to pay anyone who went down there. Now the people in our village laugh at their political tourist neighbours, but the guys who went say they earned more by demonstrating than they could have earned in any other way. The police, who disappeared from Kiev's streets having been discredited in the February violence, are slowly reappearing. Policemen now patrol side by side with members of the People's Self-defence Force who are usually dressed in camouflage, which gives them a military appearance. Some are Kievites, some are from distant regions where they have left their wives and children, work or businesses for the sake of changing the country for the better. It's interesting that you hear them debating among themselves more than with non-activists. Having spent between one and three months on the Maidan, almost any one of them could pass as a political scientist. But does the country need so many experts in political theory? It would be enough if each one joined and became an active member of his chosen party. In Ukraine, there are 184 registered political parties, but there is no habit of political activity centred on defending ideas rather than the financial interests of party leaders. The past three months have been really difficult for Kievites and for all Ukrainians, but only once did my wife and I consider the possibility of her and the children evacuating and going abroad. I did prepare our village house as another possible sanctuary, but we stayed in Kiev and I am very glad that we did not have to leave, even for a short time. Kiev has not been burned down or bombed. The city has stood its ground and we, living just 500 metres from the barricades of Independence square, have survived. I know that everything will be all right, but I don't know when. I only hope it will be soon. Ukraine Europe Russia Andrey Kurkov theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
501004	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-03 00:20:37	Ukraine crisis: 'We won't give up without a fight'	The Guardian reports from the Crimea, where Ukrainian troops are caught in a standoff with Russians demanding they disarm The Russians arrived at the base early in the morning with a blunt message: give up your weapons within the hour or face the consequences. But the elite Ukrainian battalion, based outside the Crimean town of Feodosia, told them politely but firmly to get lost. We gave an oath to the state of Ukraine, not an oath to one particular general, and certainly not one from another country, Major Rostislav Lomtev told the Guardian from inside the base. The Russians duly disappeared. But not for long. They would be back later. The resolution to this standoff remains precariously inconclusive. If Saturday was the day when Vladimir Putin won official backing from his parliament to introduce troops to Ukraine, Sunday was when Russia mobilised its military to attempt to win the new Crimean war without firing a single bullet. Across the peninsula, Russian armoured personnel carriers arrived at Ukrainian bases and pressured the inhabitants to give up their arms, as politicians in Kiev spoke of an invasion and the west looked on in horror. The head of the navy, Denis Berezovsky, appeared on television to announce he was defecting to the pro-Moscow Crimean separatists, though he was quickly fired and accused by Kiev of treason. Elsewhere, for now, the Ukrainian military appeared to be holding strong. It was still not clear exactly what the Kremlin's goal was in Ukraine, though increasingly the signs seemed to point to an annexation of Crimea, at the very least. Checkpoints manned by irregulars remained on major roads, and troops were spotted digging trenches at the narrow entrance to Crimea from the rest of Ukraine. Across the peninsula, soldiers executed pinpoint visits to Ukrainian military facilities, demanding that the Ukrainians give up their weapons and pledge their allegiance to the new authorities in Crimea. At Feodosia, where the Guardian was given exclusive access to the inside of the base, the marines created a small barricade of tyres and barbed wire at the entrance to the base after the Russian ultimatum in the morning, and built another barricade of sandbags in front of the main entrance of the two-storey white stone headquarters. Outside, a group of Russians gathered, waving Russian and Crimean flags. Appropriating the tropes of the Kiev anti-government protests, women handed out tea and sandwiches, and people sang songs to the accompaniment of an accordion. The mood was positive, with chants of Russia! Russia! but there was an undercurrent of aggression, especially when a group of the Russians discovered a western reporter in their midst. There were also three armoured personnel carriers and several dozen troops standing guard. They had been here for days, despite the Kremlin only voting to send troops in on Saturday. They are, if the Russian version of events is to be believed, the best-equipped local volunteer brigades in the world. But it would take an extraordinarily naive person to believe that. The troops may not wear insignia on their uniforms, but they arrived in trucks with Russian military plates and are well armed. Privately, the commanders admitted to Ukrainian troops that they were Russian regular troops. Given that some of them were personally acquainted, there was not much point in hiding it. As Major Lomtev in Feodosia put it: We know a lot of them, because we have done a lot of joint exercises together and have close links with them. To be honest, I don't think they are very proud of the orders they are carrying out at the moment. At Perevalnoye, not far from the regional capital, Simferopol, more than a dozen trucks stood nearby as more than 100 soldiers patrolled the perimeter and nearby hills. The Ukrainian coastguard division inside said they would not give up the base, staring out at the Russians from behind the gate. After negotiations, the two sides agreed not to point their guns at each other, but the standoff remained tense, with a priest from the nearby Ukrainian orthodox church reciting prayers and brandishing a cross. A large group of local people gathered outside the base waving the Russian tricolour flag and chanting Russia! Russia! A lone, middle-aged woman shouted Glory to Ukraine, the slogan of the protest movement in Kiev, and was met with angry catcalls. Fuck off with your disgusting Ukraine, shouted one of the men, and she scurried off in distress. I am so sad, so sad for Ukraine, it hurts to watch all of this, it's such an obvious provocation, she said, fighting back tears. But Russia is not short of support on the ground in Crimea. Alexander Minayev, outside the base at Perevalne, said: There are people who are openly Nazis in the new government in Kiev. They attacked police, they set them on fire. In what other country would that be OK? I know that you westerners with your disgusting media will turn everything upside down, but thank God Putin is here to save us. Crimea's leaders have called for a referendum that would extend the territory's autonomy, to be held on 30 March. In Simferopol, the local parliament speaker, Vladimir Konstantinov, refused to say whether he still accepted the Ukrainian constitution, and was evasive about whether the territory might later appeal to join up with Russia. There was confusion, too, on the ground. Inside the base at Feodosia, word came that the order had come from Kiev that all marines should give up their weapons voluntarily to the Russians. One of the marines then read on Facebook that the news was apparently fake, and rushed off to inform his superiors who were in negotiations with Russians. Many of the marines were on the phone to friends at other bases, asking whether they had been forced to give up their weapons. Russian state media reported widespread desertions to the Crimean forces. It was difficult to verify whether this really was happening. Even an official representative of the Ukrainian defence ministry seemed unclear. Ruslan Semenyuk said: I don't know of any cases where soldiers have voluntarily given up their arms, but there is one base where the Russians seized the weapons, and then moved them to another Ukrainian base. We don't know why they did this, maybe just as a display of force. About other cases, I don't know. At Feodosia, the Russians came back, led by a lieutenant-general and a retired general, for more talks. After meeting the commanders, a group of three dozen officers assembled to be briefed by the Russians. The Guardian was asked to leave the room during the talks, as the Russians refused to speak in front of journalists. Afterwards, the Ukrainians said they had again been asked, firmly but politely to give up their weapons, and had again refused. One marine, carrying his kalashnikov through the grounds of the base late in the evening, did not want to be identified but was happy to share his allegiances. Asked what would happen if, next time, the Russians came with orders rather than requests, the men claimed to have no doubt. I am Russian myself, I was born there, he said. But we are professional soldiers and we have given an oath of duty. We will not give up this place without a fight. Ukraine Vladimir Putin Russia Europe Shaun Walker theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
508935	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-03 22:24:04	Russians pressure Ukrainian forces in Crimea to disarm	Russian troops, still surrounding all major military installations in Crimea, try to persuade Ukrainian troops to defect Russia is using a display of force combined with intense psychological pressure in an attempt to disarm Ukrainian military units in Crimea, according to accounts of several confrontations relayed to the Guardian. On a day of confusion and rumours, Russian troops without insignia were still surrounding almost every Ukrainian military installation in Crimea, and an unsuccessful attempt was made to entice naval officers to defect to the Russian side. In one tense confrontation, one of Russia's most senior army officers told a group of angry Ukrainian marines that he was carrying out Vladimir Putin's instructions to disarm Ukrainian forces. Igor Nikolayevich Turchinyuk told the marines at Feodosia that he wanted them to lock their weapons in a warehouse and surrender to Russian guards, according to an audiotape of the encounter obtained by the Guardian. One marine asks: Am I a terrorist? Are we causing a threat to the Black Sea fleet of Russia? Turchinyuk replies: We have an order, which we are carrying out. The goal of me coming here … is to carry out the task given by the president of the Russian Federation in agreement with your legitimately elected president [Viktor Yanukovych]. During another encounter at the headquarters of Ukraine's fleet on Monday morning, Ukrainian navy officers rejected pleas for them to defect to the self-declared Crimean government. The naval head, Denis Berezovsky, who on Sunday announced he was defecting to the Russian-backed Crimean authorities, addressed officers at naval command in Sevastopol to try to convince them to follow suit. But his replacement, Serhiy Haiduk, was also present and appeared to win the day. The officers broke into applause as Haiduk read them an order from Kiev removing Berezovsky from his position, and told them that Berezovsky was facing treason charges. When Haiduk had finished his dry but compelling address, the officers spontaneously broke into the national anthem, and some were seen to cry. Berezovsky showed no visible sign of emotion. I know my men will stay loyal to their oaths, Haiduk told the Guardian before the address. What Berezovsky has done is a matter for him alone. When he brought intruders in here, we did not offer armed resistance as would have been our right, in order to avoid any provocations the other side would like. Officers at the HQ said Berezovsky had been guilty of treachery twice, the first time when he broke his oath, and the second time on Monday morning, when he requested permission to enter the headquarters and let several Russian special forces officers slip in behind him. When Berezovsky requested questions from the officers, a chorus of criticism broke from the ranks. In what way exactly did foreign powers intervene in Kiev, compared to the way they are intervening now in Crimea? asked an officer to applause. Don't ask provocative questions, Berezovsky barked back. We are resolving the matter by peaceful means, but we will never surrender our weapons, Haiduk said. Berezovsky refused to comment to the press. In the end, he left the building accompanied only by his guards. While the navy was asked to defect to Crimean authorities, those at bases in Kerch and Bakhchisarai said they had been asked by the Russians not only to defect to Crimean authorities but to the Russian army itself. At Bakhchisarai, Lieutenant Colonel Vladimir Dokuchayev said: There were suggestions that we joined the 'Crimean people', whatever that means, but first and foremost they asked us to join the Russian army. There was no talk of how this would work logistically, it didn't get to that. We said no, obviously. There is tremendous pressure on the troops, surrounded as they are by Russians, and many of them have their own domestic pressure. Many ethnic Russians in Crimea favour the idea of a union with Russia, and some of them are sending messages to friends and relatives in the army urging them to desert. Many of us are receiving messages and calls from friends and family, said Dokuchayev. Of course, that is never going to work for officers, it's pointless, but it has worked on some of the rank and file. We don't obstruct them, if people want to leave, they can. He admitted that some had taken up the offer, but would not say how many, except to claim it was a small number. A Ukrainian television journalist present at Bakhchisarai begged an interior ministry representative to ask authorities in Kiev to make more public statements in support of the troops in Crimea. We've had a lot of people calling in, they are terrified, they want to keep their oath but they don't know what is happening and are worried about getting proper support from Kiev, he said. Among the officer class, however, even those who are fans of Russia are refusing to budge. One voice on the tape from Feodosia says: From my childhood I have lived right next to Russia, we have always looked at Russia like an older brother or a helper, and we always were thrilled by your courage in different wars and operations, and saw you as a defender and expected help in any situation. Nobody could have imagined that such an awful time would have come to our country, but in our weakest moment, you have decided to do this. Do you not think your current behaviour will ruin not only our country but yours? The general responds with a long answer about Russia's greatness, which culminates in an ode to the Winter Olympics, held last month in Sochi. The international community trusted Russia to hold the Olympic Games, and not every country in the world is trusted with something like that, he says. In Sevastopol, officers listened sullenly as Berezovsky tried to entice them over to the newly proclaimed Crimean fleet he now heads – assuring them they would retain their ranks and that there would be no interruption of salary payments. Viktor Yanukovych is the legitimately elected president of Ukraine, he told them, arguing there would be no breach of oath if they served Crimea. The seizure of power in Kiev was orchestrated from abroad, he said. Timur, a Ukrainian frigate captain who declined to give his last name for fear of threats to his family, said: I will stay true to my oath and I am sure this is also true of my fellow officers. Not helping matters is the fact that despite the fact that the well-organised and heavily armed troops are arriving in vehicles with Russian military plates and introducing themselves inside the bases as Russians, a bizarre pretence is still being maintained that the men are some kind of locally inspired volunteer unit. At Bakhchisarai, Vladimir Mertsalov, a representative of Crimea's newly proclaimed authorities, said he had no idea who the Russian troops were. I don't know if they are Russians. I can't tell you who they are, I have no idea, I haven't asked them, but all I know is that they are guaranteeing our security here, he said. Later, in Sevastopol, the head of the local branch of the pro-Russian Russian Bloc party, Vladimir Tyunin denied there were any Russian forces present. Where are Russian troops here? These are our local self-defence units, he said, pointing to the masked and heavily armed soldiers standing behind him in front of the Navy HQ gates. Away from the stand off at the Navy HQ, there was also a quiet but ominous standoff in Sevastopol bay, between Ukrainian naval vessels and the Russian Black Sea fleet. On Monday, Russia's Black Sea fleet was seen to be blocking the mouth of the harbour, by anchoring a cable-laying ship in the channel on the inside of the breakwater, and positioning a corvette in the channel outside the breakwater. Ukrainian ships are alongside but manned and ready to sail for Odessa, according to the source.There were rumours of an ultimatum from Russian forces to Ukrainian units to surrender by 5am local time on Tuesday or face a storm, but although the defence ministry in Kiev appeared to confirm them, local sources on the ground said they had heard nothing, and the Russian ministry of defence denied any ultimatum had been given. Ukraine Russia Europe Shaun Walker theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
525718	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-05 21:27:04	UN envoy to Crimea quits post after anger of pro-Moscow demonstrators	Diplomat retreats, while Ukraine premier, Arseniy Yatsenyuk, commits to 'regaining control' of territory The UN's special envoy to the Crimea has been harassed by groups of pro-Russia militia and eventually forced to leave the region, as hopes fade for a swift resolution to the crisis. Robert Serry was visiting a naval commander in Simferopol when his car was blocked by a group who asked him to follow them. When he refused, Serry was then prevented from leaving the cafe where he took refuge by men in combat fatigues. According to the ITV reporter James Mates, who was with Serry, the men blocked the door and refused to let anyone in or out. After a brief standoff, police escorted Serry through a crowd of about 100 angry demonstrators, some waving Russian flags, near the headquarters of a foreign observer mission. Very unpleasant incident over, wrote Mates on Twitter afterwards. Robert Serry has now agreed to go straight to the airport and end his mission in Crimea. Although Russia's military intervention in Crimea, which the Kremlin continues to insist has not taken place, has so far seen nothing more than a few warning shots fired into the air at an airbase on Tuesday, tension remains high. Ukrainian military facilities on the peninsula are still under siege from Russian troops masquerading as local volunteers and there is an angry atmosphere in the cities, where many people believe that the revolution in Kiev was a fascist power-grab. Ukraine's new prime minister, Arseniy Yatsenyuk, told the Associated Press that he views what happened in Crimea as a coup supported by the Russian government and the Russian military. The region is due to hold a referendum on 30 March to determine its status, with fears that afterwards it could declare independence or ask to join the Russian Federation. Ukraine's foreign minister said on Wednesday that the vote, which technically is only about increased autonomy, would only be valid if Russian troops returned to base and were replaced by international observers. Yatsenyuk said: This is Ukrainian territory and Russia wants to grab control over Crimea. But I will underline again, we will do our best in order to regain control over Ukrainian territory. The Russian military is to be back in the barracks. The Russians have repeatedly insisted there are no Russian troops in Crimea except for those on its Black Sea base rented from Ukraine, but on the ground it is clear that the well-armed men are Russian soldiers in new, unmarked uniforms. Russia's defence minister, Sergei Shoigu, again denied this on Wednesday, saying that there were absolutely not any Russian troops in Crimea; videos posted online in which the uniformed men admitted they were Russian soldiers were nonsense and a provocation, he said. As well as dealing with the Russians in Crimea, the new government is also struggling to normalise the situation in the rest of Ukraine. Many police officers are not showing up for work, fearing retribution from the new authorities. The new interior minister, Arsen Avakov, has asked members of the protest movement's self-defence units to restore order in the city, leading to fears of lawlessness and reprisals. Avakov also disbanded the much-hated Berkut riot police, involved in many of the violent clashes during the protest movements. Many of the self-defence volunteers in Crimea, acting alongside Russian troops, appear to be former Berkut officers. In Donetsk, where pro-Russia supporters took over the government building earlier in the week, there were further clashes on Wednesday. Pro-Ukrainian demonstrators recaptured the building early in the day and flew the blue-and-yellow flag for the first time since Saturday, but a few hours later it was taken back. back. As the Russians gathered in the afternoon, a Soviet-era song about the second world war was played on a loop, and a loudspeaker announced that Vladimir Putin had been nominated for the Nobel peace prize, to cheers. Nevertheless, the pro-Moscow demonstrators appear to be outnumbered, and there is limited support for their leader Pavel Gubarev, a businessman who has called himself the people's governor and asked police to subordinate themselves to his orders. Some of the police guarding the building said they would do so, but on the street the mood was mixed. Valentin Brylev, 65, said the pro-Russian supporters were lost. Donetsk was not divided, he said: these people represented a small minority of idiots. At Ukrainian bases across Crimea, Russian officers have asked officers to pledge allegiance either to Russia or to a new Crimean military, but have so far been met with refusals in most cases. At Belbek Airbase, Russian troops have taken control, but elsewhere Ukrainian bases are under siege, with some being cut off from food and electricity. Russian ships have blockaded the entrance to the harbour at Sevastopol, where the Russian Black Sea fleet is based and Ukrainian forces also have a base. On Wednesday afternoon, the hill overlooking the wharf where one Ukrainian warship, the Slavutych, is docked was being guarded by around a dozen men in unmarked fatigues, carrying Kalashnikovs. One of them could be overheard telling a local he was from Russia, but when questioned by the Guardian, claimed he was from a local self-defence unit. The only way to reach the boat was to ignore the Russians' orders and clamber over rocks and fences. The Slavutych is anchored 10 metres from the pier to prevent anyone boarding it, and has already had to repel an attempted approach by divers. Pavel Tikhantsov, the first mate, said in an interview from the deck that every attempt the ship has made to leave the pier over the past six days have been prevented by Russian ships. This morning we had negotiations and agreed not to use weapons against each other and that they will allow us to receive food and water, he said. On Wednesday afternoon, a truck with potatoes, onions and water was allowed into the loading bay, and a priest was brought on a rubber dinghy to scale the side of the ship by ladder and perform a religious service on deck for the sailors. It's a difficult situation but I hope it will normalise and everything will be fine, said Tikhantsov. He added that despite the Russians' efforts, and the defection of the Ukrainian navy's chief earlier in the week, his sailors would not be crossing over to a newly formed Crimean navy. They have sworn an oath to the state of Ukraine and they will remain loyal to their oath, he said. It is unlikely that Ukraine will attempt to engage Russia militarily given the huge disparity of forces, but nevertheless in Kiev, Ukrainians have been registering as volunteers to serve in the army. Many of them say they will serve if the Russians attempt to push further into Ukraine. People may come to recruitment offices or come to us, said Igor Postanovsky, a spokesman for the Kiev region self-defence unit. If there is real aggression [from outside] then these people will go to defend their motherland, he added. Postanovsky said that since mobilisation started, his unit has signed up 1743 volunteers just in two days. Ukraine Russia United Nations Vladimir Putin Viktor Yanukovych Europe Shaun Walker Harriet Salem Oksana Grytsenko theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
545036	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-08 19:28:36	Threats from Moscow, ignored by Kiev: what next for the Ukrainian soldiers in Crimea?	Crimea's vote to join Russia leaves thousands of military personnel stranded in a no-man's-land, forgotten by their government and fearful that they might soon belong to another country, whose own troops urge them to defect The two Ural trucks, full of troops, arrived under cover of darkness and a pea-souper fog at the Ukrainian missile defence base outside Sevastopol late on Friday night, and rammed their way through the gates. Once inside, the Russian troops fanned out and screamed that they would shoot to kill if the Ukrainians did not surrender. After some brief tussles the situation was calmed and the Russians eventually left, their trucks racing out of the base. Outside, members of a local self-defence volunteer unit harassed journalists, and the deputy commander of the base briefly appeared to give comments. We ignored their orders and eventually they left, he said, as one of the masked volunteers shone a light in his face and tried to stop him speaking. I guess they will be back soon. There are several thousand Ukrainian military personnel on more than a dozen bases across the Crimea, creating what could be the most explosive problem facing the Russians in their operation to annex the peninsula. Uncertain of their status since the Crimean parliament announced that it wants the territory to join with Russia, the soldiers feel threatened by Moscow and abandoned by Kiev. Having sworn an oath to Ukraine, they could now, within a week, find themselves in one country and their homes and families in another. Last Thursday, Crimea's parliament voted to join Russia, and said a referendum would take place on 16 March to confirm the decision. Rustam Temirgaliev, deputy prime minister of Crimea's de facto authorities, said on Thursday that, as of that day, the only legal troops on Crimean soil were Russian troops, and any troops of a third country will be treated as illegal band formations, with all the consequences that entails. For those inside the bases, the psychological effects are hard to take. At Bakhchisarai, where last week Russian soldiers surrounded the base, there is now an uneasy calm. The Russians, who told the Ukrainians they should defect either to serve the people of Crimea or better still the Russian army, have now left. Last Tuesday at 10pm, the Russian soldiers drove off from the base, and have not been back. The men inside have been watching the news, talking to friends in other bases and waiting to see if the Russians come back and attempt to storm the base. Yesterday music was blaring out in the courtyard as a tattered Ukrainian flag fluttered in the breeze. A small number of the men were allowed out of the base to spend some time with their families, given that it was International Women's Day. It's written in all the textbooks that during a time of military action, the first three or four days are the hardest, and after that you adapt, said Vladimir Dokuchayev, deputy commander of the base. That is more or less what has happened. We are getting used to the situation. At the beginning, he said, some of the rank and file left the base, begged to do so by friends and family. In the past few days, however, nobody had left. There is frustration at the bases at Kiev's failure to take more decisive action. A Ukrainian military source in Sevastopol said: There's a feeling that in Kiev they are paralysed: they don't want to believe that this is happening, and they just don't know what to do. They are hoping they will wake up and find this will all have gone away – that there will be a miracle. They are not doing anything. He added: Can you imagine if there was just one American soldier stranded somewhere and being assaulted by enemies? The US government would mount a massive campaign to save him. We have thousands of soldiers stranded and they have been abandoned by our government, completely abandoned. Although the upper house of Russia's parliament has given President Vladimir Putin the green light to use troops in Ukraine, Putin and other top Russian officials insist that this prerogative has not yet been used, and say any troops on the ground belong to self-declared Crimean defence units. However, international observers have been barred from entering the territory, and an overwhelming amount of evidence on the ground suggests that the formations of armed men wearing no insignia are indeed Russian troops. At numerous Ukrainian bases across Crimea, commanders report that the well-organised troops that have surrounded them are Russian. The troops themselves have admitted as much in private conversations, and high-ranking officers from the Russian army have been inside the bases, telling Ukrainians that they are there on the orders of Putin himself. The usual scenario, played out at bases across Crimea, is that Russian troops without insignia surround a base before two high-ranking officers drive up in a car, often a Volkswagen Passat. The officers will then speak with the ranking officers inside the base and set out a list of demands, including that weapons be surrendered and the troops defect. The head of the Ukrainian navy defected recently, but Ukrainian officials insist that apart from him there have been no officer defections. While few high-ranking military personnel from Kiev have paid visits to the peninsula, the Observer has heard unconfirmed reports that one such visit ended in a kidnapping. According to local sources in Sevastopol, three Ukrainian officers, including General Nikolai Zentsev, believed to be a high-ranking Ukrainian counterintelligence officer based in Kiev, were seized on 2 March by irregulars at one of the informal border checkpoints that has sprung up between Crimea and the rest of Ukraine. We managed to contact the riot police there, and they told us they had transferred the three of them to 'allies', said an acquaintance of Zentsev's. Since then, we have heard not a word at all from them. Through unofficial channels we heard that they are in an FSB prison in Sevastopol and could be transferred to Russia soon. Neither the Russian nor Ukrainian military has made any comment on the case, and a spokesperson for the Ukrainian ministry of defence did not respond to a request for comment. During the sieges of bases, the Russian troops have so far behaved with discipline and have been reluctant to fire shots, even when they have threatened to do so and their ultimatums have been ignored. But what happens if the irregular self-defence units begin to take action against the bases is another matter. Outside the base at Sevastopol, a group of about a dozen hooded irregulars arrived shortly after the Russians and began harassing journalists waiting outside. At least two journalists – a Russian photographer and a Ukrainian cameraman – were assaulted. Later, when a group of one Greek and four Ukrainian journalists left the scene by car to take the injured cameraman for medical treatment, they were again assaulted. We were in the car going to the hospital when we could see that a jeep was following us, said Kostas Onisenko from the Greek newspaper Kathimerini. A group of people wearing masks got out of the car: two of them had guns, and they started beating us. The men took telephones, wallets and documents from the group and left them bruised and bloodied. They could have killed us, but they obviously did not want to, said Onisenko. It was meant as a scare tactic. It was very clear that they were not randoms; they were well organised and carrying out some kind of order. For the people inside the bases, the threat that Russian troops could come back with orders to shoot, or that the self-defence units could mount an attack, is very real. And many are even more worried about what will happen after the confrontation is over. Deputy commander Dokuchayev said that around 70% of the men on his base are local people from Crimea. They all have families and homes in the region, to which they hope to return, and have been placed in an unenviable situation. They have taken an oath and they want to remain loyal to their oath, but of course it's hard, of course they are wondering what will happen next and what sort of country they will be living in, he said. It would be nice if there was some more decisive news or orders from Kiev. We are waiting for orders, but we are not receiving any. Ukraine Russia Vladimir Putin Shaun Walker theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
747352	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-20 01:16:45	Kiev announces plans to withdraw Ukrainian troops from Crimea	Ukrainian servicemen come under pressure from Russian troops and local forces to abandon Crimean bases Ukraine is planning to withdraw its forces and their families from Crimea quickly and efficiently after more Ukrainian bases were taken over by local militias and Russian troops on Wednesday. Andriy Parubiy, head of the national security and defence council, told reporters in Kiev that it planned to relocate 25,000 service personnel and families. We are developing a plan that would enable us not only to withdraw servicemen but also members of their families in Crimea, so that they could be quickly and efficiently moved to mainland Ukraine. His comments came before Russian forces took over a naval base in Bakhchisaray in Crimea on Wednesday night, the latest in a series of takeovers of Ukrainian bases by Russian troops and local self-defence forces using a mixture of attrition and threats, as well as the dawning realisation that Kiev has lost control over the peninsula and has no way of fighting to regain it. On Wednesday, the day after Vladimir Putin announced that Russia would absorb Crimea and a Ukrainian soldier was shot dead by a sniper at a base in Simferopol, a pro-Russian militia took control of the Ukrainian naval headquarters in Sevastopol. We freed the prisoners inside this base. This is Russian territory. Moscow already accepted Crimea, said Vladimir Melnik, head of a local self-defence unit, shortly after the Russian flag was raised at the base. According to Melnik, several branches of the local militia co-ordinated in storming of the site during the morning. We are peaceful people, but we are military people and if we receive orders to storm we will follow them, he said, adding that the civil defence units were under the command of the city administration. Andrey Kochebarov, a deputy leader of local Cossacks, said: There was no fight, no resistance; the guys inside clearly understood what situation they are in. This is the naval base headquarters so if they gave up this one, they will give them all up. In the hours that followed, the Ukrainian troops, who had been inside the besieged base for three weeks, slowly trickled out with heads bowed. Morale is low and the soldiers say they are uncertain what the future holds. We have no word from Kiev about what to do next, said Sergei, who has served as an officer in the Ukrainian army for 21 years and remained inside the building until the bitter end. Of course, there was no resistance [when the building was stormed]. What are we meant to do, outnumbered and without weapons? Sergei denied the local militia's claims that the men inside were liberated: This is a lie. We remained there of our own free will. Sergei, from Sevastopol, said he and the 50 colleagues who remained inside had been able to leave the building, but would not have been able to return if they did so. I stayed because I swore an oath to the Ukrainian army. He said the Ukrainian officers were not physically threatened, but they were kept without enough food and water, and the electricity was often shut off. Outside, his tearful wife greeted him with a hug. It's been a very difficult time. I was very anxious about his safety, she said. I'm delighted to have him back. Tough decisions lie ahead for all the troops in the Crimea region who have remained loyal to Ukraine. Russian and Crimean officials have issued an ultimatum to the Ukrainian troops either to join the Russian army or take the option of a safe passage out of the peninsula. Parubiy said the Ukrainian government would appeal to the UN to declare Crimea a de-militarised zone, which he hoped would lead to Russia and Ukraine both withdrawing its forces. The Ukrainian navy commander, Serhiy Haiduk, was captured during the storming of the headquarters and was believed to have been taken into Russian detention. On Wednesday evening, acting Ukrainian president Oleksandr Turchynov gave the Russians and Crimean authorities three hours to free Haiduk or face adequate responses, including of a technical and technological nature, without clarifying further. There was no immediate time frame given for Parubiy's announcement that the troops would be relocated. Ukrainian politician Vitali Klitschko had earlier said Ukraine should not recognise Russian rule over Crimea, but did call for safe passage to be granted so Ukrainian troops on the peninsula could withdraw to temporary bases elsewhere in Ukraine, to prevent further bloodshed. The Ukrainian government wanted to dispatch two ministers to Crimea on Wednesday to resolve the situation, but were informed by Crimean authorities that they would not be allowed to enter the territory. The process of annexation continued apace, with Ukrainian signs being removed from government buildings. Russia's constitutional court reviewed the treaty to join Crimea to Russia and found it legal, and the parliament is expected to ratify the decision by the end of the week. Putin announced that a rail and road bridge connecting the Crimean peninsula to Russia across the two-mile Kerch Strait would be built. Russia had already begun distributing passports in the region, said Konstantin Romodanovsky, head of Russia's federal migration service. Some passports were issued today, and the work will only get more intensive with each new day, he told RIA Novosti. He did not clarify what would happen with those Crimea residents who did not take up Russian citizenship. Concerns have been voiced about the fate of Crimean Tatars, who make up 13% of the population and, on the whole, are loyal to Kiev. They mostly boycotted the hastily organised referendum that returned a 97% vote for union with Russia. Crimean officials have said some of them may have to return land to which they do not own proper legal rights. Many Tatars live on unregistered land; they were deported en masse during the Stalin era and often found their property in new hands when they returned a generation later. The most pressing issue remains what happens with the remaining Ukrainian servicemen in bases. Crimean authorities claimed that the officer who was shot dead on Tuesday was shot by a 17-year-old radical Ukrainian nationalist, which has been dismissed as implausible by authorities in Kiev. A spokesperson for the defence ministry was unable to clarify how many soldiers were left on bases, saying he did not know himself. But there was little fighting talk at bases around the peninsula and more of a sense of resignation that the territory has been lost. Evgeniy Cherednichenko, an officer at the logistical command centre in Sevastopol, on Wednesday made the decision to abandon his position inside the besieged base. It's a very difficult and complicated situation. We don't have proper information. In the end, I just decided to pick up my personal stuff and leave, he said. I have not deserted the Ukrainian army, I don't know what to do next. The base is surrounded by Russian troops; through the wire fence it is possible to see the Ukrainian troops moving around. A sniper sits calmly on top of a garage watching the men below. Speaking by telephone from inside the base, lieutenant colonel Aleksandr Lusyan said: Kiev should have given the order to use weapons at the beginning, because then we could fight back, but they were afraid to give this command because they were afraid to spill blood. Now we are outnumbered and we cannot fight back. Ukraine Russia Vladimir Putin Europe Shaun Walker Harriet Salem theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
746668	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-19 23:16:41	Kiev announces plans to withdraw Ukrainian troops from Crimea	Ukrainian servicemen come under pressure from Russian troops and local forces to abandon Crimean bases Ukraine is planning to withdraw its forces and their families from Crimea quickly and efficiently after more Ukrainian bases were taken over by local militias and Russian troops on Wednesday . Andriy Parubiy, head of the national security and defence council, told reporters in Kiev that it planned to relocate 25,000 service personnel and families from Crimea. We are developing a plan that would enable us not only to withdraw servicemen but also members of their families in Crimea, so that they could be quickly and efficiently moved to mainland Ukraine. His comments came before Russian forces took over a naval base in Bakhchisaray in Crimea onWednesday night, the latest in a series of takeovers of Ukrainian bases by Russian troops and local self-defence forces using a mixture of attrition and threats, as well as the dawning realisation that Kiev has lost control over the peninsula and has no way of fighting to regain it. On Wednesday, the day after Vladimir Putin announced that Russia would absorb Crimea and a Ukrainian soldier was shot dead by a sniper at a base in Simferopol, a pro-Russian militia took control of the Ukrainian naval headquarters in Sevastopol. We freed the prisoners inside this base. This is Russian territory. Moscow already accepted Crimea, said Vladimir Melnik, head of a local self-defence unit, shortly after the Russian flag was raised at the base. According to Melnik, several branches of the local militia coordinated to orchestrate the storming of the site during the morning. We are peaceful people, but we are military people and if we receive orders to storm we will follow them, he said. He said the civil defence units were under the command of the city administration. There was no fight, no resistance, the guys inside clearly understood what situation they are in, said Andrey Kochebarov, a deputy leader of local Cossacks. This is the naval base headquarters so if they gave up this one, they will give them all up. In the hours that followed, the Ukrainian troops, who had been inside the besieged base for three weeks, slowly trickled out with heads bowed. Morale is low and the soldiers say they are uncertain what the future holds. We have no word from Kiev about what to do next, said Sergei, who has served as an officer in the Ukrainian army for 21 years and remained inside the building until the bitter end. Of course there was no resistance [when the building was stormed]. What are we meant to do, outnumbered and without weapons? Sergei denied the local militia's claims that the men inside were liberated: This is a lie. We remained there of our own free will. Sergei, from Sevastopol, said he and the 50 colleagues who remained inside had been able to leave the building, but would not have been able to return if they did so. I stayed because I swore an oath to the Ukrainian army. He said the Ukrainian officers were not physically threatened, but they were kept without enough food and water, and the electricity was often shut off. Outside, his tearful wife greeted him with a hug. It's been a very difficult time. I was very anxious about his safety, she said. I'm delighted to have him back. Tough decisions lie ahead for all the troops in the Crimea region who have remained loyal to Ukraine. Russian and Crimean officials have issued an ultimatum to the Ukrainian troopsthem either to join the Russian army or take the option of a safe passage out of the peninsula. Parubiy also said that the Ukrainian government would also appeal to the UN to declare Crimea a de-militarised zone, which he hoped would lead to both Russia and Ukraine withdrawing its forces. The Ukrainian navy commander, Serhiy Haiduk, was captured during the storming of the headquarters and was believed to have been taken into Russian detention. On Wednesday evening, acting Ukrainian president Oleksandr Turchynov gave the Russians and Crimean authorities three hours to free him or face adequate responses, including of a technical and technological nature, without clarifying further. There was no immediate time frame given for Parubiy's announcement that the troops would be relocated. Ukrainian politician Vitali Klitschko had earlier said Ukraine should not recognise Russian rule over Crimea, but at the same time called for safe passage to be granted so Ukrainian troops on the peninsula could withdraw to temporary bases elsewhere in Ukraine, to prevent further bloodshed. The Ukrainian government wanted to dispatch two ministers to Crimea on Wednesday to resolve the situation, but were informed by Crimean authorities that they would not be allowed to enter the territory. Russian and Crimean officials had earlier issued an ultimatum to the Ukrainian troops to join the Russian army or take safe passage out of the peninsula. The process of annexation continued apace on Wednesday, as Ukrainian signs were removed from government buildings. Russia's constitutional court reviewed the treaty to join Crimea to Russia and found it legal, and the parliament is expected to ratify the decision by the end of the week. Putin announced that a bridge to connect the Crimean peninsula to Russia across the two-mile Kerch Strait will be built, and will handle rail and road transport. Russia has already begun distributing passports in the region, said Konstantin Romodanovsky, head of Russia's federal migration service. Some passports were issued today, and the work will only get more intensive with each new day, he told RIA Novosti. He did not clarify what would happen with those Crimea residents who did not take up Russian citizenship. Concerns have been voiced about the fate of Crimean Tatars, who make up 13% of the population and on the whole are loyal to Kiev. They mostly boycotted the hastily organised referendum that returned a 97% vote for union with Russia. Crimean officials have said some of them may have to return land to which they do not own proper legal rights. Many Tatars live on unregistered land; they were deported en masse during the Stalin era and often found their property in new hands when they returned a generation later. The most pressing issue remains what happens with the remaining Ukrainian servicemen in bases. Crimean authorities claimed that the officer who was shot dead on Tuesday was shot by a 17-year-old radical Ukrainian nationalist, which has been dismissed as implausible by authorities in Kiev. A spokesperson for the defence ministry was unable to clarify how many soldiers are left on bases, saying he did not know himself. But at bases around the peninsula there was little fighting talk, and more of a sense of resignation that the territory has been lost. Evgeniy Cherednichenko, an officer at the logistical command centre in Sevastopol, on Wednesday made the decision to abandon his position inside the besieged base. It's a very difficult and complicated situation. We don't have proper information. In the end I just decided to pick up my personal stuff and leave, he said. I have not deserted the Ukrainian army, I don't know what to do next. The base is surrounded by Russian troops, and through the wire fence it is possible to see the Ukrainian troops moving around. A sniper sits calmly on top of a garage watching the men below. Speaking by telephone from inside the base, lieutenant colonel Aleksandr Lusyan said: Kiev should have given the order to use weapons at the beginning, because then we could fight back, but they were afraid to give this command because they were afraid to spill blood. Now we are outnumbered and we cannot fight back. Ukraine Russia Vladimir Putin Europe Shaun Walker Harriet Salem theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
745402	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-19 20:16:38	Kiev announces plans to withdraw Ukrainian troops from Crimea	Ukrainian servicemen come under pressure from Russian troops and local forces to abandon Crimean bases Ukrainian servicemen at bases around Crimea are gradually being smoked out by Russian troops and local self-defence forces using a mixture of attrition and threats, as well as the dawning realisation that Kiev has lost control over the peninsula and has no way of fighting to regain it. On Wednesday, the day after Vladimir Putin announced that Russia would absorb Crimea and a Ukrainian soldier was shot dead by a sniper at a base in Simferopol, a Kiev official announced that Ukraine was making plans to withdraw its troops from the peninsula. Andriy Parubiy said Ukraine would seek UN support to turn Crimea into a demilitarised zone, though it is unlikely Russia will withdraw troops from a region it considers home turf. The announcement came after a day when pro-Russian militia took control of the Ukrainian naval headquarters in Sevastopol. We freed the prisoners inside this base. This is Russian territory. Moscow already accepted Crimea, said Vladimir Melnik, head of a local self-defence unit, shortly after the Russian flag was raised at the base. According to Melnik, several branches of the local militia coordinated to orchestrate the storming of the site during the morning. We are peaceful people, but we are military people and if we receive orders to storm we will follow them, he said. He said the civil defence units were under the command of the city administration. There was no fight, no resistance, the guys inside clearly understood what situation they are in, said Andrey Kochebarov, a deputy leader of local Cossacks. This is the naval base headquarters so if they gave up this one, they will give them all up. In the hours that followed, the Ukrainian troops, who had been inside the besieged base for three weeks, slowly trickled out with heads bowed. Morale is low and the soldiers say they are uncertain what the future holds. We have no word from Kiev about what to do next, said Sergei, who has served as an officer in the Ukrainian army for 21 years and remained inside the building until the bitter end. Of course there was no resistance [when the building was stormed]. What are we meant to do, outnumbered and without weapons? Sergei denied the local militia's claims that the men inside were liberated: This is a lie. We remained there of our own free will. Sergei, from Sevastopol, said he and the 50 colleagues who remained inside had been able to leave the building, but would not have been able to return if they did so. I stayed because I swore an oath to the Ukrainian army. He said the Ukrainian officers were not physically threatened, but they were kept without enough food and water, and the electricity was often shut off. Outside, his tearful wife greeted him with a hug. It's been a very difficult time. I was very anxious about his safety, she said. I'm delighted to have him back. Tough decisions lie ahead for all the troops in the Crimea region who have remained loyal to Ukraine. Russian and Crimean officials have issued an ultimatum to the Ukrainian troopsthem either to join the Russian army or take the option of a safe passage out of the peninsula. The Ukrainian navy commander, Serhiy Haiduk, was captured during the storming of the headquarters and was believed to have been taken into Russian detention. On Wednesday evening, acting Ukrainian president Oleksandr Turchynov gave the Russians and Crimean authorities three hours to free him or face adequate responses, including of a technical and technological nature, without clarifying further. There was no immediate time frame given for Parubiy's announcement that the troops would be relocated. Ukrainian politician Vitali Klitschko had earlier said Ukraine should not recognise Russian rule over Crimea, but at the same time called for safe passage to be granted so Ukrainian troops on the peninsula could withdraw to temporary bases elsewhere in Ukraine, to prevent further bloodshed. The Ukrainian government wanted to dispatch two ministers to Crimea on Wednesday to resolve the situation, but were informed by Crimean authorities that they would not be allowed to enter the territory. Russian and Crimean officials had earlier issued an ultimatum to the Ukrainian troops to join the Russian army or take safe passage out of the peninsula. The process of annexation continued apace on Wednesday, as Ukrainian signs were removed from government buildings. Russia's constitutional court reviewed the treaty to join Crimea to Russia and found it legal, and the parliament is expected to ratify the decision by the end of the week. Putin announced that a bridge to connect the Crimean peninsula to Russia across the two-mile Kerch Strait will be built, and will handle rail and road transport. Russia has already begun distributing passports in the region, said Konstantin Romodanovsky, head of Russia's federal migration service. Some passports were issued today, and the work will only get more intensive with each new day, he told RIA Novosti. He did not clarify what would happen with those Crimea residents who did not take up Russian citizenship. Concerns have been voiced about the fate of Crimean Tatars, who make up 13% of the population and on the whole are loyal to Kiev. They mostly boycotted the hastily organised referendum that returned a 97% vote for union with Russia. Crimean officials have said some of them may have to return land to which they do not own proper legal rights. Many Tatars live on unregistered land; they were deported en masse during the Stalin era and often found their property in new hands when they returned a generation later. The most pressing issue remains what happens with the remaining Ukrainian servicemen in bases. Crimean authorities claimed that the officer who was shot dead on Tuesday was shot by a 17-year-old radical Ukrainian nationalist, which has been dismissed as implausible by authorities in Kiev. A spokesperson for the defence ministry was unable to clarify how many soldiers are left on bases, saying he did not know himself. But at bases around the peninsula there was little fighting talk, and more of a sense of resignation that the territory has been lost. Evgeniy Cherednichenko, an officer at the logistical command centre in Sevastopol, on Wednesday made the decision to abandon his position inside the besieged base. It's a very difficult and complicated situation. We don't have proper information. In the end I just decided to pick up my personal stuff and leave, he said. I have not deserted the Ukrainian army, I don't know what to do next. The base is surrounded by Russian troops, and through the wire fence it is possible to see the Ukrainian troops moving around. A sniper sits calmly on top of a garage watching the men below. Speaking by telephone from inside the base, lieutenant colonel Aleksandr Lusyan said: Kiev should have given the order to use weapons at the beginning, because then we could fight back, but they were afraid to give this command because they were afraid to spill blood. Now we are outnumbered and we cannot fight back. Ukraine Russia Vladimir Putin Europe Shaun Walker Harriet Salem theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
534889	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-07 03:21:17	Crimea MPs vote to join Russia	Lawmakers in the largely-autonomous Russian-majority peninsula of Crimea voted in favour of leaving Ukraine and joining the Russian Federation, even as the US slapped visa restrictions on the separatists and began lining up financial sanctions against Moscow.
719788	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-15 02:18:29	US, Russia fail to bridge gap ahead of Crimea vote	The US and Russia failed on Friday to resolve a Cold-War-style crisis sparked by Moscow’s military intervention in Crimea and the Ukrainian peninsula’s weekend referendum on joining Kremlin rule.
576729	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-13 00:35:21	Ukraine appeals to West as Crimea turns to Russia	Ukraine's government appealed for Western help on Tuesday to stop Moscow annexing Crimea but the Black Sea peninsula, overrun by Russian troops, seemed fixed on a course that could formalize rule from Moscow within days.
576720	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-13 00:35:21	EU moves towards travel bans, asset freezes for Russians	The EU agreed a framework on Thursday for its first sanctions on Russia since the cold war, a stronger response to the Ukraine crisis than many had expected and a mark of solidarity with Washington in the effort to make Moscow pay for seizing Crimea.
583923	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-13 19:45:58	US, EU threaten 'very serious' response over Crimea	Washington warned Russia today it was preparing a very serious response together with Europe to a breakaway vote in Ukraine's Crimea that has sparked the most explosive East-West standoff since the Cold War.
542439	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-08 07:22:49	Russia in patriotic fervor over Crimea	Tensions in Crimea were heightened late Friday when pro-Russian forces tried to seize a Ukrainian military base in the port city of Sevastopol.
1544773	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-05-09 10:15:31	Moscow kicks off annual military parade	Thousands of Russian troops on Friday marched in Red Square to mark 69 years since victory in World War II in a show of military might amid tensions in Ukraine following Moscow's annexation of Crimea.
1546988	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-05-09 14:15:32	Putin in Crimea for victory celebrations	Thousands of Russian troops marched through Red Square on Friday as Moscow put on a powerful show of patriotism and military might follow its annexation of Crimea.
773533	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-22 14:17:44	Protesters storm Ukraine military base in west Crimea	About 200 pro-Russian protesters on Saturday stormed a Ukrainian air force base in western Crimea, AFP correspondents saw.
535365	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-07 05:22:23	Obama orders sanctions as Crimea votes to join Russia	Lawmakers in the largely-autonomous Russian-majority peninsula of Crimea voted in favour of leaving Ukraine and joining the Russian Federation, even as the US slapped visa restrictions on the separatists and began lining up financial sanctions against Moscow.
777401	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-23 06:17:52	Russian troops storm base in Crimea	Russian troops smashed their way into a Ukrainian airbase in Crimea with armoured vehicles and other weapons, while Ukrainian forces abandoned a naval base after attacks.
786518	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-24 10:18:07	Russian troops seize Crimea marine base	Russian troops used stun grenades to force their way into a Ukrainian marine base in Crimea early on Monday, overrunning one of the last symbols of resistance left after Moscow wrestled the peninsula away from Kiev, Ukrainian officials said.
822625	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-27 18:19:11	UN condemns Russian annexation of Crimea	The UN General Assembly on Thursday adopted a Western-sponsored resolution denouncing Russia's annexation of Crimea — with 100 votes in favor, 58 abstentions and 11 votes against.
860869	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-04-01 08:25:12	Russian PM angers Ukraine by visiting Crimea	Dmitry Medvedev flaunted Russia's grip on Crimea by flying to the region and holding a government meeting there on Monday, angering Ukraine and defying Western demands to hand the peninsula back to Kiev.
861824	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-04-01 11:25:18	Russian PM's Crimea visit angers Ukraine	Dmitry Medvedev flaunted Russia's grip on Crimea by flying to the region and holding a government meeting there on Monday, angering Ukraine and defying Western demands to hand the peninsula back to Kiev.
862158	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-04-01 12:25:22	Russia PM's Crimea visit irks Ukraine	Dmitry Medvedev flaunted Russia's grip on Crimea by flying to the region and holding a government meeting there on Monday, angering Ukraine and defying Western demands to hand the peninsula back to Kiev.
898756	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-04-04 10:48:58	All Ukrainian servicemen left Crimea: Russia	Russia's defense minister Sergei Shoigu says all the Ukrainian servicemen stationed in Crimea were allowed to leave for mainland Ukraine but 8,000 military men stayed and applied for permission to serve in the Russian army.
583189	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-13 18:45:34	Crimea's Tatars fear the worst as it prepares for referendum	Attacks on Muslim minority have increased, bringing memories of Stalin-era deportation in which half died On the outskirts of Simferopol a cluster of uneven houses and a mosque cling to the edge of the highway. This was once just a field, but now we have built our own city. We built this with only our bare hands and a few tools, says Dzhalil Ibrahimov, a member of the Mejlis, the Tatar council which represents Crimea's Muslim minority. This is a creation of the Tatar people. The state didn't help us as at all. The Tatars' existence in Ukraine has long been precarious. In 1944 Stalin ordered that the Sunni Muslim group be deported en masse on the pretext that they had collaborated with the Nazis. Crammed into cattle-wagons, nearly half of them died before they had even reached their destination in the wastelands of central Asia. We have all grown up with these terrible stories from our grandparents, says Timer, a 20-year-old construction worker who lives in the village of Pionerskoe, known in Tatar as Eskisarai. The history of the Tatar people is filled with hardship. After the fall of the iron curtain in 1989 the Tatars flocked back to their ancestral homelands in Crimea – only to find their old houses occupied by Russian families. They now make up around 12% of the peninsula's population, but battles over property rights as well as differences in culture and religion have limited the group's reintegration with the region's ethnic Russian majority. A Crimean nationalist group called Russia Unity has openly organised attacks on Tatar properties and desecrated graveyards. Last week, the leader of the party, Sergei Aksyonov, was named Crimean prime minister after Russian forces seized control of the peninsula. Now, as Crimea faces a referendum that is likely to seal its fate as a province or satellite of Russia, ethnic tensions are reaching boiling point. In a chilling echo of history, Tatar houses in the Crimean city of Bakhchisarai have been marked with an ominous X, just as they were before the Soviet-era deportations. On Monday two Tatar businesses were firebombed. This referendum is a humiliation. What is a choice while staring down the barrel of a gun? asks Refat Chubarov, chairman of the Simferopol-based Mejlis. The Tatar leader has called on his people to boycott Sunday's vote. [It] is an illusion, a cheat. The results are already decided, he says. The prospect of a return to living under Moscow's rule is disturbing. People are in panic. Our nation survived a genocide and there is a fear that there will be a repeat of '44, says Delyaver Akie, secretary of the Mejlis. On Akie's desk the European Union and Tatar flag hang side by side. We are trying to keep people calm but they are scared of the Russian soldiers and Cossacks that come here, he said. We just want peace, freedom, and the rights for which we have fought for 20 years. It seems we are about to lose all of this in a blink of an eye. This time, however, the Tatars are adamant they will not go anywhere. We came back to our motherland and we will not leave again. We will die here, one way or the other, says Ibrahimov. Amid fears of attack from the increasingly aggressive pro-Russian militia who patrol the streets, Tatar community leaders have organised self-defence units to patrol their villages. We guard the exit and entrances. We men stay awake all night so that our grandmothers, mothers and children can sleep safely, says Ibrahimov, who commands a unit of 30 men. Since their return to Ukraine the Tatars have been a prominent force in the country's political struggles, and Tatar activists were on the frontlines of the 2004 Orange Revolution and the recent protests in Kiev that ousted Viktor Yanukovych's corrupt regime. But with Russian troops camped out in their backyards, their position in Crimea looks weaker than ever. There is a feeling that the Russians are waiting for any provocation. The atmosphere is very tense. We don't want to provoke at all, says Ibrahim Abdulov, a pensioner. The Crimean Tatar TV channel ATR is also under attack. We are expecting every second to be closed down, says Ayder Muradosilov, the station's creative producer. For more than a week his staff have been camping out in the office 24 hours a day in an effort to keep the only remaining independent channel in the region on air. Other local TV stations considered to be anti-Kremlin have been mysteriously replaced with pro-Russian channels. ATR's journalists have been beaten in the street and the station's servers, which transmit its online service, are under almost constant attack by hackers. This is a situation which makes us cry. It is almost certain we will be shut down in a matter of days, says Muradosilov. The depth of the crisis – and the near certainty that Crimea will vote to secede from Ukraine in Sunday's referendum – have sparked rumours that some Tatar leaders are seeking to negotiate surrender terms with Moscow. Senior Tatar figures have reportedly been offered lavish funding, senior positions in a new Crimean government and guarantees of Tatar cultural and language rights. Chubarov, the Mejlis chairman, has denied those reports. How could I talk about such opportunities, such negotiations, when my people are in danger? he says. But speculation of a pact with Moscow has grown following reports this week of a telephone conversation between the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, and Mustafa Dzhamilev, a prominent Tatar leader and a deputy in the Ukrainian parliament since 1998. According to Russian media the one-hour phone call resulted in both parties stating that they were open to continuing negotiations when necessary. At the side of the road to Pionerskoe, a group of several hundred Tatar women and children gathered earlier this week to protest against the Russian occupation. Clutching a homemade banner reading no war was Rimma Morozova, a retired woman who returned with her family to Crimea in 1993 after nearly 50 years in exile in Uzbekistan. The scariest thing is that our men are not armed. Our people bear a great weight on their shoulder of our people in these times. There is a real fear of war, she says. We are hoping against hope that everything will be all right, but the evidence says otherwise. A few cars honked at the demonstrators in a gesture of solidarity, but most drivers sped on past without a second glance. Ukraine Russia Europe Harriet Salem theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
489514	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-02-28 22:15:29	Ukraine: Night Wolves and unidentified military men seize key Crimea sites	Ukraine's new interior minister Arsen Avakov describes takeover on peninsula as a 'military invasion and occupation' As night fell on Friday , there were signs that the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea was slipping beyond the capital's reach. The parliament remained under siege by pro-Russian protesters, armed men of unknown allegiance were guarding the airports and the Night Wolves, a biker gang with close ties to the Kremlin, blockaded the roads. Three hundred men in military uniforms with no identifying insignia had entered the Sevastopol airport compound in the dead of Thursday night, witnesses said, in what Ukraine's new interior minister, Arsen Avakov, described as a military invasion and occupation. They came very quietly, it was very professional, said a man at the airport who declined to give his name but said he was a captain in the Sevastopol Tactical Aviation Brigade, part of the Ukrainian army. We don't consider it any invasion of our territory, he added, perhaps hinting at his pro-Russian loyalties. The man said the intruders were carrying AK-47s and sniper rifles, which are not easy to come by for civilians, but we don't know who they are or where they have come from. A major from the Ukrainian army based at the military side of the airport later said that senior commanders from the Ukrainian side had been in touch with the unknown gunmen, who said they were there to prevent unwanted landings of helicopters and planes. But uncertainty over the men's origins has fuelled the speculation about Moscow's involvement, especially as the Ukrainian border guard service said that more than 10 Russian military helicopters had flown into Ukrainian airspace over the Crimea region on Friday. On the main and side roads leading to Sevastopol airport, more men in camouflage and military-style helmets were standing guard. A defence unit had gathered outside entrance to the civilian section of the airport, claiming to be locals. We are here to help protect against panic, said Maxim Lovineckiy, a member of a unit of around 30 men. I have no political allegiances, I am just here to observe and protect. He said he lived in a nearby village, although his accent was Russian – which he attributed to spending three months in Moscow last year. Lovineckiy, who arrived at the airport at 7am, said the men had come on their own initiative and had not had any contact with the armed men standing just 20 metres away. More suggestions of Russian involvement came in the form of the Sevastopol branch of Night Wolves, a pro-Moscow motorbike gang clad in leathers decorated with black and orange striped ribbons, who built five roadblocks covering all the main routes into the city. People in Sevastopol are the most patriotic on the planet, said Dimity Simichein, the leader of the Night Wolves. They don't need organising, they just come out to protect their country and their families. He said the police were supporting the bikers in their efforts to protect the city. Simichein's comments echoed the sentiments of many in Sevastopol, who see Russia as the motherland. Until 60 years ago the region was under Russian rule: a time that many of the peninsula's residents, who identify themselves as ethnic Russian, look back to fondly. Residents gathered outside Sevastopol's administrative buildings yesterday to hear a speech from Vladimir Zhirinovsky, a nationalist politician and former deputy of the duma, who also toured the barricades surrounding the city. Russian flags were flown and the crowd cheered and clapped as Zhirinovsky assured them of Russia's support. I want you to know the position of Moscow is that you will not be left alone or be in trouble, he said. Everyone is afraid of Russia. We have the most modern weapons, the most impressive. This is why Russia is feared by every country, he added. Following the day of drama, the mood in the city centre on Friday night was celebratory. Hundreds of people gathered in a small park to dance to Russian pop music blaring over speakers at a stage with accompanying screen projections. Ukraine Europe Russia Harriet Salem theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
801998	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-25 20:19:19	Shooting of far-right leader threatens to raise tensions in Ukraine	Oleksander Muzychko of paramilitary Praviy Sektor group is killed in shootout with special forces Special forces shot dead a far-right Ukrainian leader early on Tuesday in an incident which is likely to raise tensions between Kiev's new interim government and restive ultra-nationalist groups. Oleksander Muzychko – known as Sashko Bily, or Sasha the White – was killed in a shootout in the western city of Rivne, Ukraine's interior ministry said. Police tried to arrest him in a cafe when he opened fire on them, they added. Muzychko was a prominent member of Praviy Sektor, a far-right paramilitary outfit which took part in the Maidan uprising against the then president, Viktor Yanukovych. The group has no role in government, although its leader Dmytro Yarosh has announced he intends to stand in May's presidential election. His volunteers occupy several buildings in the capital. Russia points to Praviy Sektor as evidence that Yanukovych's overthrow last month was a fascist coup. On Tuesday Yarosh demanded that Ukraine's interior minister, Arsen Avakov, resign over the killing. Avakov, however, refused. Unrepentant, he said his ministry would take tough measures against any armed bandits – whatever their political orientation – if they threatened public order. The episode highlights the fragility of the new opposition-led coalition, which has so far failed to persuade militia groups to disarm. Though marginal, Praviy Sektor could become a growing headache for the authorities, especially if its activists refuse to leave the Maidan, and the downtown hotel where they are camping out. The killing came as Ukraine's parliament, the Rada, accepted the resignation of the defence minister, Ihor Tenyukh, as thousands of Ukrainian troops began to evacuate from Kremlin-controlled Crimea. Tenyukh rejected criticism that he had failed to give clear orders to soldiers trapped in their bases for up to three weeks. But he agreed to step down. Deputies appointed Col Gen Mykhailo Koval as his replacement. According to Tenyukh, about 6,500 Ukrainian soldiers and their family members are leaving Crimea – about a third of the 18,000-strong Ukrainian military force based there. The other two-thirds plus dependents had opted to stay on the peninsula, which the Russian Federation annexed last week. 4,300 servicemen and 2,200 family members who wish to continue serving in Ukraine's armed forces will be evacuated, Tenyukh said. Officials in Kiev, meanwhile, described the meeting on Monday between Russia's foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, and his Ukrainian counterpart, Andriy Deshchytsia, in The Hague as a positive move. It was the first direct contact between both sides since Russian troops seized Crimea last month. They agreed some confidence-building measures. Following a blackout over the weekend, Deshchytsia promised that Kiev would not cut off Crimea's electricity and water supply. Lavrov said Russia was not preparing a further military incursion into southern and eastern Ukraine. Speaking on Tuesday, however, Ukraine's deputy foreign minister Danylo Lubkivksy said there could be no normalisation of relations while Russia continued to occupy Ukrainian territory. He said: People in the Crimea are beaten and tortured. Russian militants abduct people. They seize Ukrainian property. He also said large numbers of Russian troops were still poised on Ukraine's eastern border. Russia, meanwhile, indicated that it would continue its uncompromising stance towards the government in Kiev, which it views as illegitimate. Dmitry Peskov, Vladimir Putin's press spokesman, said Moscow was likely to raise the price Kiev has to pay for gas. Ukraine was no longer entitled to a discount since Russia's Black Sea fleet, based in Crimea, was not on Ukrainian territory, Peskov argued. Ukraine had failed to settle its debts to Gazprom, the Russian state energy giant, he added. According to Ukraine's authorities, Muzychko was the leader of a criminal gang. The first deputy interior minister Volodymyr Yevdokimov said officers of the Sokol special unit had killed him as he tried to escape. At the moment of arrest, at shouts of 'Stop! Police,' Muzychko fled, jumping through a window, and opened fire, Yevdokimov said. He was still alive as they were arresting him – but then the paramedics who arrived at the scene found that he had died, he said. Three other gang members were detained, he added. Muzychko's associates, however, dispute the official version of what happened. One said that special forces shot him in the leg and then shot him again as he tried to flee through a window. Another, the independent lawmaker Oleksander Doniy, claimed on his Facebook page that the ultra-nationalist leader had been executed. He was then thrown out of the vehicle, with his hands cuffed behind his back, and with two gunshot wounds to his heart. It is clear that the thug-like Muzychko had become an embarrassing liability for the authorities in Kiev. Last month he stormed into the office of the local Rivne prosecutor. He then slapped and humiliated a hapless official, shouting abuse and yanking the unfortunate man's tie. RT, the Kremlin propaganda channel, broadcast the video. In another recent YouTube address Muzychko acknowledged that the authorities might try to kill him, signing off: Glory to Ukraine. Russia issued an international warrant for Muzychko's arrest earlier this month. Moscow claims that Muzychko fought alongside separatist Chechen rebels during the first Chechen war in the mid-1990s, and was guilty of the murder and torture of several Russian soldiers. Ukraine The far right Europe Luke Harding theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
524045	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-05 17:27:03	Tatar Sunni Muslims pose a threat to Russia's occupation of Crimea	Pro-Ukrainian Islamic minority could mount a more organised resistance against Russian forces in Crimea peninsula Russia may be tightening its grip on Crimea, with little resistance to date, but they have yet to face the Crimean Tatar factor. There are 266,000 Crimean Tatars in Crimea, over 13% of the local population. They are Sunni Muslim, traditionally pro-Ukrainian, and much better organised than the local Ukrainians, who make up 23% of the population. A quick look at history tells you why: Stalin deported the Crimean Tatars en masse to Central Asia in 1944, and half of them died during or after the journey. They were only able to return after 1989; by which time their homes had gone and their culture had been erased. The Crimean Tatars are still economically marginalised, with constant tensions over land-squatting and 'irregular constructions' (shanty towns). But Crimea is their only home. Turkey hosts a large diaspora; but the peninsula was home to the Crimean Tatar Khanate from 1441 to 1783. The roots of Christianity in Crimea go back more than a thousand years; but the idea of Crimea as an ancient outpost of Orthodox Christianity is really only 160 years old, dating back to a programme of church-building to replace local mosques after the Crimean war of 1853-56. The Crimea that a young Leo Tolstoy saw during his army service was still Muslim in many parts. At rallies last month, the Crimean Tatars were chanting both Allahu Akbar in Arabic and Glory to Ukraine in Ukrainian. At the time, there was an outside chance of a Crimean regional government supported by the Crimean Tatars, some Ukrainians and local elites who resented the rule of Viktor Yanukovych's clique., which is why Russia then intervened to put its supporters in power instead. So in less than a week, the Crimean Tatars have gone from being heroes of the revolution to an isolated minority. Their leaders are advising them to stay indoors, but there are also reports of Tatars forming self-defence units. The Crimean Tatars have been well organised since the 1960s. They have their own would-be parliament, the Qurultay, which revamped its voting system last year after an internal debate on accountability, introducing some proportional representation. Most religious organisations belong to the allied Spiritual Directorate of Muslims of Crimea (DUMK), which has close links to official Islam in Turkey. Radical Islam exists, but has largely been kept to the fringes by the DUMK to date. Now the Crimean Tatars fear these organisations will be suppressed in a Russian-controlled Crimea. Since Yanukovych's election in 2010, the Qurultay and its smaller executive body, the Mejlis, have been squeezed out of official organs and forced to compete with new radical parties, allegedly sponsored by the authorities in both Kiev and Moscow. The Mejlis may be replaced by the small number of pro-Russian Crimean Tatars, who have been dubbed the Kazany, because they are always saying life is better for the Volga Tatars in Kazan, capital of the Russian Republic of Tatarstan. The veteran leader of the Mejlis, Mustafa Cemiloglu, has recently retired after a long career advocating peaceful protest. His successor, Refat Chubarov, follows a similar line. But since 2010, there has been a rising number of clashes over land, the desecration of graves and monuments, and fights over market trading rights with local mafia groups. The seventieth anniversary of the 1944 deportation will fall this May. The idea had been to hold an international conference on the Crimean Tatar problem; now it looks likely to be the key flashpoint. If the Crimean Tatar problem explodes, the blowback for Moscow will be immense. Russia's relationship with Turkey is already under threat. Its reputation as a friend of Islam in the Middle East will be damaged. Russia has millions of Muslims of its own, the vast majority of whom are Sunni, including next door in the North Caucasus. Historically, the Crimean Tatars had close ties with the Circassians, who were driven from the Sochi area in 1864. And one reason why Putin has invested so much in backing Assad's Alawite regime in Syria against the Sunni majority was his fear of Sunni unrest at home. Andrew Wilson is reader in Ukrainian Studies at UCL and the author of The Ukrainians: Unexpected Nation Ukraine Russia Europe Andrew Wilson theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
488497	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-02-28 19:15:29	Ukraine military still a formidable force despite being dwarfed by neighbour	Moscow outspends Kiev 30 to one, but factors including Tartars make invading Crimea a risky move for Russia in the long run Although Ukraine has a military force capable of making Russia think twice about invasion, it has a relatively light presence in the Crimea. Russia, by contrast, has for historical reasons a huge presence on the peninsula, with its Black Sea fleet based in Sevastopol. It is a nightmare for everyone, said Igor Sutyagin, a Russian military expert. The entry of Russian troops would be a deep humiliation for Ukraine … It would be a second Chechnya. Russia has an overall military force of about 845,000 troops against Ukraine's 130,000. Russia's military spending is also vastly greater than Ukraine's, $40.7bn last year compared with $1.4bn. But the Ukrainian forces are still formidable, better-trained, engaged over the last decade in international peacekeeping missions and established close contacts with western counterparts. Brigadier Ben Barry, a specialist on land warfare at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, said: If there was ever military confrontation, the question is how much the morale and fighting-power of the Ukrainian forces would be boosted by fighting for their country. The small armed forces surrounding the two Crimea airports had no markings on their uniforms to identify them. Moscow denied responsibility but Kiev claimed the armed group at the Belbek airport, which is used by the Ukrainian air force and is close to Sevastopol, was made up of Russian marines. Barry said that what was striking about the forces at the airport is they do not look like a newly formed militia. This is not a ragtag force. When you see a new militia, they will have a jumble-sale look. This lot are uniformly dressed and equipped and seem competent and efficient,  he said. Russia has put its combat planes on alert and has begun new training exercises, moves that prompted speculation of an impending invasion similar to the one into Georgia in 2008. But all-out invasion of Ukraine appears unlikely at present given that even if Russia was to win, it would face years of costly and bloody insurrection. Taking over just Crimea appears, at least initially, to be less risky given that more than half the population is ethnic Russian. As a peninsula, Crimea would be theoretically easy to defend. Ukraine has only a single coastal defence unit in the Crimea, about 3,500-strong, with artillery but no tanks. But a Russian takeover of the Crimea could turn out to be disastrous in the long run. The Kremlin would be underestimating the impact of the sizeable population of Tartars who were forcibly deported from the Crimea by Stalin in 1944 and not allowed to return until the beginning of Perestroika in the 1980s. Sutyagin, who is at the London-based Royal United Services Institute, said: The Tartars are very anti-Russian. They will do anything not to be under the Russians. They will be determined to fight for Ukraine. It would be a second Chechnya. There are a lot of mountains in Crimea, just as in Chechnya. Many of the soldiers fighting in the Ukrainian army are ethnic Russians but it would be a mistake to assume they might desert or turn on their officers rather than take on Russian forces. Sutyagin said loyalty to the idea of an independent Ukrainian state would top their ethnicity. The entry of Russian troops would be a deep humiliation for Ukraine. Ukrainians do not want to be occupied. It is a mistake by Russian politicians who think ethnic Russians are Russian, Sutyagin said. Ukraine Europe Russia Ewen MacAskill theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
790493	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-24 18:18:28	Crimea facing exodus of journalists, activists and Tatars	As pro-Russian forces consolidate power in Crimea many of its citizens are fleeing the increasingly ugly mood in the peninsula Ukraine's president has ordered his country's troops to withdraw from Crimea – but retreating soldiers will not be the only people leaving the peninsula to its Russian future. Journalists, activists and some Crimean Tatars are voting with their feet following the Russian annexation, preferring an uncertain future in Ukraine to the increasingly ugly mood that they face in Crimea. Independent journalist Irina Sedova from Kerch is one of them. I was attacked by a crowd at a pro-Russia rally and threatened by armed men while photographing a military base near Kerch, she said. It became clear it was no longer safe for me to stay, added Sedova, an ethnic Russian who has lived her whole life in Crimea but has now fled to Kiev. I knew that if I stayed that they would kill me and my family. When I received threats that my house would be burned down that was when I decided to go, she says. Sedova's husband and children have stayed behind on the southern peninsula while she looks for permanant work in Kiev. I really hope I get something soon and that they can join me here, this is a terrible time for our family, she says. Elena, an ethnic Ukrainian from Crimea's vehemently pro-Russian naval city Sevastopol, says her family are no longer free to express their opinions openly. It was never like this before. But now our neighbours, friends have fallen out with us. They think all Ukrainians are fascists. I am afraid of the people around us, they are going crazy, she says. Elena and her husband spent the morning saying goodbye to their nephew and helping him pack up his worldly possessions. He left with tears in his eyes, she says. A deputy prosecutor for the old administration in Sevastopol, Elena's nephew made the difficult decision to leave the southern peninsula, where he was born and grew up, to start a new life in Donetsk, where he has been offered a new position by the government. It feels like there is no future here for us here, it's hopeless, says Elena. Yevgeniy Cherednichenko and Aleksandr Lusyan, both officers in Ukraine's dispossessed Black Sea naval fleet, are also waiting anxiously for orders from Kiev about how to evacuate from the region. I can't leave yet because then I might face court marshal for betrayal of the motherland. But we should receive some instructions about what to do next soon, says Cherednichenko, a Sevastopol native. I'm hoping to be offered a position in Kiev, or somewhere else in Ukraine, he adds. Other officers, however, say that they that will stay in their birthland regardless of the consequences. Underlying the mini-exodus is a very real concern about a backlash against anyone perceived as anti-Russian. More than 20 people have been kidnapped in Crimea since the unrest started. Most have been returned but one Tatar activist, Reshat Ametov, who was last seen being detained by local militia, was later found dead in the forest. At least three activists, including one Tatar, Ivan Selentsov, are still missing. We are very concerned for his safety, says Enver Kadyrov, a human rights activist representing his case. We have been told that he is being detained in the police station, but nobody has been allowed to see or contact him. Pro-unity Tatar activist Dzhalil Ibrahimov is also facing up to the tough reality of life under Russian rule. At the beginning of the unrest in Crimea the local Tatar population, took an active stance in protesting against the region's Russification. Ibrahimov was one of the leaders of the movement. But as tensions have escalated his family and community have asked him to keep his head down. People are afraid that any kind of action will be viewed as a provocation, as an excuse to attack our people. Now the big question is how we will live here. As pro-Russian forces have consolidated power in Crimea, local militia have stepped up the intimidation of the local Tatar community. They [local militia] have started to burn fires near the village at night, so we know they are there and they are close. Silence is shame, but to speak out is dangerous, says Ibrahimov. So far just one family in Ibrahimov's village, Pionerskoe, have left for Lviv, where they used to live until recently. But according to the Ukrainian media outlet, Lviv Gazetta, Iryna Sekh the head of the Lviv oblast administration, has stated that the region is preparing to welcome 2,000 refugees from Crimea, mostly ethnic Tatar. Not everyone who opposes the Russian annexation is abandoning the new Crimea, however. Sergei Mokrushyn, one of Crimea's leading investigative journalists, says he is being followed, intimidated and suspects his phone is being tapped. The message is very clear: be quiet or leave, says Mokrushyn. A colleague of mine was approached by armed men, they warned him to be careful. They knew addresses and personal details about his family, says Mokrushyn. Yet despite the threats Mokrushyn says he will not give up his work. If I don't do it, then who will? he asks. Crimea Ukraine Russia Europe Harriet Salem theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
495728	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-02 01:19:25	Crimea's Putin supporters prepare to welcome possible Russian advance	Groups such as the Night Wolves motorcycle gang have joined the forces ranged against Ukraine's new leaders in Kiev The people of Sevastopol are the most patriotic on the planet, says Dimitry Sinichkin, the leather-jacketed leader of a fearsome Crimean biker gang known as the Night Wolves. They have come out to defend their families and country. As Ukraine's stability continues to unravel, Sinichkin and his pro-Russian Night Wolves, a squad of tattooed men who sit astride powerful Harley-Davidsons, have become apparent outriders for what could be a full-scale Russian military advance on the Crimean peninsula. Sevastapol is at the sharp end of what increasingly resembles a cold war-style crisis. Russia's president, Vladimir Putin, won parliamentary approval on Saturday to send troops into Ukraine as Moscow looked set to recall its ambassador from the United States. Throughout Crimea it is now a question of waiting for the troops who will surely follow in the wake of that decision. With muscular factions such as the Night Wolves already on the ground and Kremlin supporters staging violent demonstrations in major cities of eastern and southern Ukraine, there are already plenty of would-be patriots prepared to welcome them. Unidentified gunmen, some reportedly linked to Russian military units, have besieged airports and the local parliament in Crimea over the past few days, raising international tensions over Moscow's intentions. Armoured personnel carriers are seen rolling along the highways, while Vladimir Zhirinovsky, a Russian hardliner and Kremlin politician, has been rousing crowds by bellowing into microphones about Moscow's military might. In town centres, crowds of babushkas, their fur hats askew, can be heard chanting: To Russia, to Russia. The Night Wolves are the latest addition to this circus. They say they are ready to defend Crimea against all unwanted intrusions, namely western authorities and the new administration in Kiev, seen by many in the region as bandits and terrorists who seized power illegally. The Crimean peninsula is predominantly Russian-speaking, and despite splitting away from their eastern neighbour 60 years ago, many in the region still look longingly over the border to what they see as their motherland. Strong geographical and historical ties to Russia are bolstered by the presence of Moscow-run naval and military bases dotted around the region. With the emergence of pro-Russian military groups and the looming threat of deployments from across the border, the question of who exactly is now in charge here is unclear. Yesterday Sevastopol's new mayor, Aleksei Chaliy, pledged to subordinate himself to the local security forces – among them, presumably, the Night Wolves. Born in Moscow out of an anti-Soviet rock culture in the 1980s, the Night Wolf biking gang, whose logo is a flaming wolf's head, today have branches across the Slavic world including Bulgaria, Bosnia, Serbia and Ukraine. Crimea is the heartland of the gang's Ukrainian chapter. We are all around Crimea, Simferopol and Sevastopol – everywhere, says blue-eyed wolf squad leader Sinichkin. Our numbers are not great but we move around fast. The Night Wolves will not reveal precisely how many members they have, but across the region they claim that, alongside other pro-Russian groups, more than 20,000 men can be quickly mobilised. I am sure you have seen our work when you came into the city, Sinichkin says with a wry smile. The gang claim to have set up five or more road blocks to police all traffic entering Sevastopol city. They say they are being supported by other ad hoc civilian defence units that have sprung up over the last week. The bikers claim to be politically unaligned but say they are cooperating closely with the local authorities. The police support our work, says Sinichkin, who has known the city's newly installed pro-Russian mayor for more than 15 years, and counts high-ranking Ukrainian and Russian politicians as close friends. Who should run Crimea is not a question of my level – this is a question for the people to answer, adds Sinichkin. The businessman-turned-bike gang leader describes his own sudden elevation to a position of strength as a long-held dream. My parents were simple people, my dad was a truck driver. I always dreamed of being a Night Wolf and now that dream is real life, he says, proudly displaying a Maltese cross, the symbol of a Christian warrior group, stitched to his battered jacket. But behind the carefully chosen words about wish-fulfilment, deeper political motivations appear to be at work. Sinichkin travels at least a couple of times a year to Moscow and has ties that reach to the heart of the Kremlin. Putin is a big fan of the biker group and regularly hangs out with the leader of Moscow's chapter, straddling a Harley-Davidson and donning a black leather jacket and shades for PR photo-opps. Among Putin's previous biking jaunts with wolf brothers, including Moscow top dog Alexander Zaldostanov, was a trip to Sevastopol in 2012. In another display of the Kremlin's reach on Friday, a plane carrying a Russian Night Wolf crew was able to touch down on a Crimean runway with ease, despite other flights to the region's besieged airports being cancelled. They have been strutting around the city's streets ever since. Meanwhile Sinichkin spent the day running in and out of the Russian Black Sea Fleet headquarters in Sevastopol, for personal meetings with military and business officials whose well-groomed appearance contrasts sharply with his tough biker image. I have close friends who work inside, he explains, before passing through the security with ease, clearly a well-known face. Sinichkin insists that unlike the protesters in Kiev who last week toppled president Viktor Yanukovych's government, the pro-Russian groups of the Crimea have peaceful and legitimate goals. In Kiev they invaded but we are just protecting the city, reinforcing security. There has been no blood spilt in Crimea – we do not throw Molotovs like the terrorists in Kiev. They were the first to cross the moral boundaries, he says. The presence of the Russian military here is legal, there is a contract. So there is no problem here with this. This is just a matter of protection of Russian people in Crimea, not aggression. Ukraine Europe Vladimir Putin Russia Harriet Salem theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
505436	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-03 13:23:59	Ukraine navy officers reject plea to defect to Russian-backed Crimea	Navy commander Denis Berezovsky – facing treason charges in Kiev – fails to persuade others to join him in switching sides Follow live updates on the Ukraine crisis as the situation in Crimea develops Ukrainian navy officers have rejected pleas for them to defect to the self-declared Crimean government at an extraordinary meeting at their headquarters in Sevastopol. On Sunday the recently appointed navy commander-in-chief, Rear Admiral Denis Berezovsky, appeared on television to announce he was defecting to the Russian-supported Crimean authorities. But despite his appeals to officers on Monday, they said they would remain loyal to their oaths to serve Ukraine. Berezovsky has been accused of state treason by the new authorities in Kiev. Elsewhere in Crimea, Russia continued in its attempts to intimidate Ukrainian forces into submission as troop manoeuvres against bases across the peninsula continued. At Ukraine's naval command on Monday morning, officers lined up in the yard of their Sevastopol headquarters to be addressed by both Berezovsky and the newly appointed navy chief commander, Serhiy Haiduk. The officers broke into applause as Haiduk read them an order from Kiev removing Berezovsky from his position, and told them that Berezovsky was facing treason charges. When Haiduk had finished his dry but compelling address, the officers spontaneously broke into the national anthem, and some were seen to cry. Berezovsky showed no visible sign of emotion. I know my men will stay loyal to their oaths, Haiduk said before the address. What Berezovsky has done is a matter for him alone. When he brought intruders in here, we did not offer armed resistance as would have been our right, in order to avoid any provocations the other side would like. Officers at the HQ said Berezovsky had committed treachery twice – the first time when he broke his oath, and the second time on Monday morning when he requested permission to enter the headquarters and let several Russian special forces officers slip in behind him. The officers listened sullenly as Berezovsky tried to entice them over to the newly proclaimed Crimean fleet he now heads – assuring them they would retain their ranks and there would be no interruption of salary payments. Viktor Yanukovych is the legitimately elected president of Ukraine, he told them, arguing there would be no breach of oath if they served Crimea. The seizure of power in Kiev was orchestrated from abroad. When Berezovsky requested questions from the officers, a chorus of criticism broke from the ranks. In what way exactly did foreign powers intervene in Kiev, compared to the way they are intervening now in Crimea? asked an officer to applause from those assembled. Don't ask provocative questions, Berezovsky barked back. We are resolving the matter by peaceful means, but we will never surrender our weapons, Haiduk said. Berezovsky refused to comment to press. In the end, he left the building accompanied only by his guards. Ukrainian officers alleged that Russians had installed a sniper point on a boiler house on the perimeter overlooking the yard of the naval HQ. On approaching, armed and masked troops identifiable by their camouflage pattern as Russian warned to keep away. Timur, a Ukrainian frigate captain who declined to give his last name for fear of threats to his family, said: I will stay true to my oath and I am sure this is also true of my fellow officers. Alexei Mazepa, a spokesman for the Ukrainian ministry of defence, said that Russian forces continued to surround bases around Crimea, in an attempt to force Ukrainians to give up weapons and defect to the self-proclaimed Crimean authorities, who want to hold a referendum on the territory's status on 30 March. So far, Berezovsky appears to be the only high-profile defection. Mazepa also said that Russian naval vessels were attempting to block Ukrainian vessels, and feared that attempts could be made to storm them soon. Ukraine Europe Russia Shaun Walker theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
503555	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-03 08:24:01	Ukraine must focus on where its assets are stationed, experts say	Ukraine's forces are outnumbered in Crimea, as Russia's presence continues to strengthen in the region and elsewhere • Graphic: the imbalance of forces between Ukraine and Russia Ukraine's problems in standing up to Russia militarily revolve not just around its numerical inferiority - but where its assets are stationed, military experts say. In Crimea, its forces are outnumbered and outgunned. And in its vulnerable east, where it shares a 1,200-mile land border with Russia, it has precious few forces at all. The Black Sea fleet, a prized Moscow asset ever since the break-up of the Soviet Union, has enabled Russia to maintain at least 16,000, and potentially up to 25,000, personnel on the peninsula. It has an attack submarine, more than 30 warships and amphibious craft and five fighter squadrons with 18 fighter aircraft. Ukraine by comparison has at best 14,500 personnel, 10 naval vessels that are still perilously berthed at Sevastopol just up the bay from their Russian adversaries. Already they have removed a coastguard presence from the city and from the eastern port of Kerch. Ukraine accused Russia this weekend of augmenting its force this weekend with another 6,000 soldiers. Serhiy Zgurets, expert of Center of Army, Conversion and Disarmament Studies told the Guardian that the new soldiers arrived on cargo planes - which was one of the reasons why the Russian forces captured the military airports in the region. One reason for the airport seizure was the desire to prevent the landing of other troops. They (the Russians) were hoping to cut off any aid to Ukrainian forces this way, the expert said. Other military analysts believe that the new arrivals may well include battalions comprising mostly professional contract soldiers - far more effective than the conscripts that make up most standard Russian army units. Zgurets said Ukraine's military bases located in Belbek, Yavpatoria, Kirovske and naval crossings in Feodosia and Kerch has been surrounded by Russian soldiers. But it's good that soldiers in Crimea don't yield to provocations. The problem is big but it's still not a catastrophe, he said. Ukraine's problems are compounded by the fact that many men under arms are ethnic Russians, though analysts have thus far played down the prospect of mutinies or defections, arguing that ethnicity in the Ukrainian army is not as powerful an idea as it was in the Balkans for example. Away from Crimea, it's an even more one-sided story. Ukraine has a total of 130,000 personnel in its armed forces, compared to almost 850,000 in the Russian military. In fact, Russian assets - troops, aircraft, tanks and armoured vehicles - in just one region bordering Ukraine are bigger than its smaller neighbour's entire military. And Ukrainian units are particularly sparse in the eastern region along this border. We have one mechanized brigade near Kharkiv, Dnipropetrovsk and Zaporizhzhia. Each of them includes some 4,000-6,000 soldiers, Zgurets said. In Donetsk and Lugansk (Ukraine's far east bordering with Russia) regions we have nothing at all. And this problem has been long voiced but without any reaction of the officials, the expert said. However, Pavel Felgenhauer, a Moscow-based military expert, said he did not expect to see long columns of Russian tanks rolling across the black earth border regions into eastern Ukraine. The time of year for serious warfare is totally wrong, he said. This is black soil area and at this time of year it's wet, wet, wet. The Germans found that. They'll have to wait until June for it to dry up or they won't be able to move off the roads. Russia does not have the will or capability for mass invasion of Ukraine. It can bite off some pieces and the government in Kiev would not likely survive. But I'm anticipating a long drawn out stand-off. Ukraine Russia Europe Oksana Grytsenko Mark Rice-Oxley theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
715806	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-14 16:17:44	Villagers near Crimean border find themselves on tense new frontline	In a formerly sleepy part of southern Ukraine, residents are caught in a no man's land between troops from both sides Sitting in his office, Andrei Suchok was in no doubt that the shadowy men now perched at the end of his village were Russian snipers. There are a lot of them. They are shooting practically every night, he said. Some shoot out of fear. Others seem to be practising. How did he know? I was an officer in the Red Army. They have Russian not Ukrainian weapons. They carry AK-100s. Suchok is mayor of Krasnaya Chaban, one of six small villages situated on a picturesque isthmus in southern Ukraine, next to Crimea, and south of the city of Kherson. The four-mile-wide (6km) strip was once a sleepy ensemble of crumbling dachas, vegetable plots and chickens. Now the area is on a new frontline between Russian and Ukrainian troops. Pro-Russian forces have set up a checkpoint on the M-17 highway, one of only two strategic gateways to the Crimean peninsula. According to locals, Russian soldiers have put mines in the nearby fields. They are also rebuilding the Turkish shaft – an ancient, Ottoman-era defensive moat, used by Crimea's Tatars to keep out the tsar and his cavalry. Several Russian armoured vehicles were visible on Friday in a neatly spaced line, framed by the red-and-white chimney stacks of a giant titanium factory. A sign says: Autonomous Republic of Crimea. Around 20 people set up a checkpoint here 10 days ago, Suchok said. By day two there were 100. Anyone wanting to enter Crimea now has to pass through this militarised border crossing – controlled by unknown angry-looking men carrying guns. Three kilometres away nervy Ukrainian soldiers have set up their own makeshift control point. The blue-and-yellow Ukrainian flag flies next to white sandbags. There are khaki tents, a few technical vehicles and an armoured personnel carrier, concealed in a hollow. The soldiers broke off from their duties on Friday to watch a drone – it wasn't exactly clear whose – glide low through an azure sky. Ukraine's meagre forces seem little match for the mighty Russian war-machine just down the road. When the Ukrainian soldiers first got to Krasnaya Chaban they had nothing to eat, locals said. Villagers directed by Suchok brought them hot food, blankets and loo roll. The administration hooked up an electricity connection. A digger helped scoop out a parking spot for a tank-like vehicle. Residents now find themselves in an unsettling, cold-war-style no man's land. They are uncertain what Sunday's referendum in Crimea might bring. We are afraid. Everyone is panicking, one villager, Sveta, said, standing on the main Lenin Street. Next to her her newborn daughter slept peacefully in a lime-green pram. Armoured carriers trundling along the road, meanwhile, had terrified local children on their bus journey to school, she said. Sveta added that most people here including her husband worked in the nearby Soviet-era titanium factory, in the town of Armiansk. But Armiansk was in Crimea. And Crimea could soon, after Sunday, be the Russian Federation. So far he's been able to get to work. But if it's Russia will he need a passport? It's ridiculous. She added: I don't know whether Crimea is Russia or Ukraine. I do know we need money and a job. As it is we scarcely live. For the villagers Russia's unilateral decision to create a new border is an absurdity. Practically all of them have relatives living in Crimea. Nikolai Markurin, a bright-eyed, 71-year-old widower who gets around by bike, said his middle-aged son Oleg lived in Armiansk, on the other side. He showed off black-and-white photos of the young Oleg, as well as of his three stepsons, all of whom had served in the Soviet military, one at the Crimean port of Fedosiya. Markurin said he was now planning to buy a satellite dish. The pro-secessionist Crimean authorities switched off all Ukrainian channels last week and replaced them with state Russian ones. The villagers depend for their TV on the local Armiansk transmitter. I don't only want to watch Russian TV. A free choice is important for me. In the meantime I'll listen to Ukrainian radio, he said. The Kherson province of Ukraine – where rich black fields meet the glittering Dnipro river – is predominantly Russian-speaking. Some rural citizens speak a hybrid Russian-Ukrainian dialect. We are Russian-speaking people who live in Ukraine. We don't understand this attack by Russia, Tatiana Kurbanova said, speaking in Krasnaya Chaban's administrative HQ. She added: We recognise our new government. [President Viktor] Yanukovych ran away. This is our internal affair, not Russia's. This may be true. But successive invaders have sought to control this sliver-like territory formally known as the isthmus of Perekop, between the black and Azov seas – the key that opens Crimea's door. The Romans first built a wall here to keep out the nomads. After the Ottoman empire collapsed, Bolsheviks and white armies clashed here during Russia's civil war. Suchok, the mayor, said he was still discovering the bodies of soldiers killed during the second world war, when the Red Army fought its way into Nazi-held Crimea, overrunning German and Romanian troops. Some 1,000 soldiers are buried in the village cemetery. A photo of a young man is fixed above a fresh grave: Mikhail Bazhal, born 1919. Interred with him is an unknown soldier. We have a tense situation here. But it's peaceful and people are calm. Nobody wants a war, Suchok said. Would there be one? I don't know what will happen, he replied. He added: The first people who will lose will be the civilian population. Like most Ukrainians, Suchok has relatives in Russia – in his case, in the Urals city of Chelyabinsk. We should sort this out ourselves, without Moscow, he suggested. The mayor doubted whether Crimea would be able to prosper as an independent entity. At the moment, the peninsula gets virtually all of its drinking water from the north Crimean canal, a channel that runs directly alongside Krasnaya Chaban. A hydroelectric station near Kherson provides its electricity. So far the new government in Kiev has said it will provide all services to Crimea, which it regards as an integral part of Ukraine. Russia's prime minister, Dmitry Medvedev, has proposed a bridge linking the Russian mainland with the Crimean port of Kerch – a long-term undertaking. As Suchok notes: I could turn off the water supply myself. From the mayor's window, meanwhile, there is a terrific view of the village's Lenin – a flaking, silver statue that survived the collapse of communism but which has seen better days. Above Lenin's name in Cyrillic script is a red star. For centuries the village has been at the centre of conflicting imperial impulses – Ottoman, Soviet, and now, it appears, a plan to build a new Soviet Union. After Ukraine's revolution last month, 50 guys arrived here and wanted to pull Lenin down. I told them they could take him away, but not simply smash him up, Suchok recalled. There has to be a proper legal decision. The men left; Lenin stayed. Ukraine Russia Europe Luke Harding theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
774558	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-22 18:17:42	Russian troops overrun Ukrainian airbase in Crimea	Shots fired and armoured vehicles smash through wall of Belbek compound before base commander is detained Russian troops forced their way into a Ukrainian airbase in Crimea with armoured vehicles, automatic fire and stun grenades, injuring a Ukrainian serviceman and detaining the base's commander for talks. A Reuters reporter said armoured vehicles smashed through a wall of the compound and he heard bursts of gunfire and grenades. Colonel Yuliy Mamchur, the commander of the Belbek base, said a Ukrainian serviceman had been injured and that he himself was being taken away by the Russians for talks at an unspecified location. Asked if he thought he would return safely, he said: That remains to be seen. For now we are placing all our weapons in the base's storage. Belbek was one of the last military facilities in Crimea still under Ukrainian control after Russia's armed takeover and annexation of the peninsula, which has a majority ethnic Russian population and is home to one of Russia's biggest naval bases. Earlier, the deputy commander of the base, Oleg Podovalov, said the Russian forces surrounding the base had given the Ukrainians an hour to surrender. After the Russians entered on Saturday, a Ukrainian officer who identified himself only as Vladislav said: We did not provoke this; this was brute force. I do not know whether this base will be formally in Russian hands by the end of the day. Ever since World War II this place has been quiet, and they came in here firing, with APCs and grenades. I am very worried now. Mamchur told his troops he would inform the high command that they had stood their ground. The soldiers applauded, chanting: Long live Ukraine! Many stood to take pictures of each other in front of the Ukrainian flag, which continued to fly over the base. The Russian takeover of Crimea has been largely bloodless, though one Ukrainian serviceman was killed and two others wounded in a shooting in Simferopol this week. Ukraine's defence ministry said on Friday that Crimea's bases were still formally under Ukrainian control, but most are now occupied by Russian troops and fly Russia's tricolour flag. Crimea Ukraine Russia Europe theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
490519	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-01 01:15:28	Ukraine: Night Wolves and unidentified military men seize key Crimea sites	Ukraine's new interior minister Arsen Avakov describes takeover on peninsula as a 'military invasion and occupation' As night fell on Friday , there were signs that the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea was slipping beyond Kiev's reach. The parliament remained under siege by pro-Russian protesters, armed men of unknown allegiance were guarding the airports and the Night Wolves, a biker gang with close ties to the Kremlin, blockaded the roads. Three hundred men in military uniforms with no identifying insignia had entered the Sevastopol airport compound on Thursday night, witnesses said, in what Ukraine's new interior minister, Arsen Avakov, described as a military invasion and occupation. They came very quietly, it was very professional, said a man at the airport who declined to give his name but said he was a captain in the Sevastopol Tactical Aviation Brigade, part of the Ukrainian army. We don't consider it any invasion of our territory, he added, perhaps hinting at his pro-Russian loyalties. The man said the intruders had AK-47s and sniper rifles, which are not easy to come by for civilians, but we don't know who they are or where they have come from. A major from the Ukrainian army based at the airport's military side later said senior commanders had been in touch with the gunmen, who said they were there to prevent unwanted landings of helicopters and planes. But uncertainty over their origins has fuelled speculation about Moscow's involvement, especially as Ukrainian border guard service said that more than 10 Russian military helicopters had flown into Ukrainian airspace over the Crimea region on Friday. On the main and side roads leading to Sevastopol airport, more men in camouflage and military-style helmets were standing guard. A defence unit had gathered outside entrance to the civilian section of the airport, claiming to be locals. We are here to help protect against panic, said Maxim Lovinetsky, a member of a unit of around 30 men. I have no political allegiances, I am just here to observe and protect. He said he lived in a nearby village, although his accent was Russian – which he attributed to spending three months in Moscow last year. Lovinetsky, who arrived at the airport at 7am, said the men had come on their own initiative and had not had any contact with the armed men standing just 20 metres away. More suggestions of Russian involvement came in the form of the Sevastopol branch of Night Wolves, a pro-Moscow motorbike gang clad in leathers decorated with black and orange striped ribbons, who built five roadblocks covering all the main routes into the city. People in Sevastopol are the most patriotic on the planet, said Dmitry Simichein, the leader of the Night Wolves. They don't need organising, they just come out to protect their country and their families. He said the police were supporting the bikers in their efforts to protect the city. Simichein's comments echoed the sentiments of many in Sevastopol, who see Russia as the motherland. Until 60 years ago Crimea was part of Russian territory: a time many of the peninsula's residents, who identify themselves as ethnic Russian, look back to fondly. Residents gathered outside Sevastopol's administrative buildings on Friday to hear a speech from Vladimir Zhirinovsky, a nationalist politician and former deputy of the duma, who also toured the barricades surrounding the city. Russian flags were flown and the crowd cheered and clapped as Zhirinovsky assured them of Russia's support. I want you to know the position of Moscow is that you will not be left alone or be in trouble, he said. Everyone is afraid of Russia. We have the most modern weapons, the most impressive. This is why Russia is feared by every country, he added. Following the day of drama, the mood in the city centre on Friday night was celebratory. Hundreds of people gathered in a small park to dance to Russian pop music blaring over speakers at a stage with accompanying screen projections. Ukraine Europe Russia Harriet Salem theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
516316	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-04 19:25:16	Ukraine crisis: Russian warning shots could be as heated as this gets	Several ultimatums from Russia's military have gone unmet but neither side seems to have the stomach for a full-on firefight It may be that the three rapid warning volleys fired into the air at Belbek air base on Tuesday morning are the closest Russia's military manoeuvres in Crimea ever come to actual clashes. The Russian troops surrounding Ukrainian bases have given a number of ultimatums for soldiers to give up their weapons or defect, but when they have not been met nothing has happened. At Belbek, outside Sevastopol, the Russians took control over much of the airfield several days ago, but on Tuesday the Ukrainian troops gave their own ultimatum, demanding to be given access to the weapons storage facilities on the base. They marched towards the Russians, unarmed and carrying the Ukrainian flag and a Soviet World War II flag, some of them singing the national anthem. The Russians fired warning shots and screamed that if they advanced any further the Ukrainians would be shot in the legs. The Ukrainians halted, and gave the Russians until 2pm to let them pass. After another brief standoff at that time, with the Russians again pointing their guns at the Ukrainians, they again turned round. They've gone, said Roman, one of half a dozen masked men who identified himself as part of the self-defence brigade of Sevastopol. We are in control here now. At Belbek, as elsewhere in Crimea, Russian troops are operating without insignia and still hiding behind the absurd charade that they are some kind of local volunteer brigade. Some of the men did appear to be genuine civilians, unarmed and wearing ragtag combat fatigues or in some cases jeans. A group of them guarded the entrance to the base and refused to let western journalists through, accusing them of being homosexual liars and threatening violence. Later, the group moved inside the base and stood in front of the Russian troops during the second standoff with the Ukrainians, an extraordinarily thin volunteer cover for the professional soldiers behind them. The troops had at least one Tiger infantry vehicle, with Russian military plates that identified it as coming from the North Caucasus military region – Russia proper – and not the Black Sea fleet, which is based in Crimea. The Russians, as has been habitual, were mute, but one of the volunteers, who said he was an entrepreneur named Yura, and was dressed in military fatigues, said they were all from the same volunteer group. I don't know what you're talking about. Can you see any identifying marks on their uniforms? I can't. They're not Russian troops. Asked about the military vehicles with Russian plates, he said: I don't know; they're probably left over here from before. He said that he was at the base to defend it from potential orders from the new government in Kiev. I don't want my city to be bombed by the planes in this airfield if Kiev fascists give the order. That's why we're here. The Ukrainian regiment who had been stationed at Belbek were still in control of some of the buildings at the base, and said they want to be able to guard the weapons storage facility. Yuli Mamchur, the commander, said: I just want my men to be able to do their duty. After the 2pm standoff, he said the Ukrainians were retreating and waiting for a phone call from the Russians about the suggestion that both sets of troops guarded the weapons together. However tense the standoff at Belbek, it has been clear in recent days that neither side has the appetite to engage in real combat. Even if the Ukrainians are not defecting en masse and at some bases standing firm and promising to fight back, there is a feeling that both sides would pull back from a full-on firefight. But as long as the Russians remain outside Ukrainian bases, the potential for a misunderstanding or moment of madness to start a serious confrontation remains real. Ukraine Europe Russia Shaun Walker theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
532197	en_GBR_guardi_int	2014-03-06 17:27:10	Russian troops removing ID markings 'gross violation'	• Soldiers in Crimea deployed without badges or flags • Contravenes Geneva conventions? • International Committee of Red Cross says not clear-cut The deployment of Russian soldiers in the Crimea without any identifying markings raises questions about whether this is a breach of international law on warfare. Jonathan Eyal, international director at the London-based Royal United Services Institute, is adamant that it is. It is a gross violation. It is highly illegal. It is something that violates all conventions of warfare going back hundreds of years, said Eyal. He expressed surprise that the International Committee of the Red Cross, which is closely linked with the Geneva conventions on warfare, had not commented on this. But the Geneva-based ICRC said the situation is far from clear-cut, a view supported by some military experts who offer alternative interpretations to Eyal. The troops taking over or surrounding key strategic positions in the Crimea are in uniform but have had badges or other forms of identification removed. But some of them have confirmed to reporters they are Russian marines from Sevastopol. Trucks and armed vehicles have had their number plates disguised too, but some of the coverings have fallen off, revealing them to from the Russian army. Russian president Vladimir Putin, at a press conference this week, refused to confirm they are Russian regulars and suggested they were spontaneous groups who could have acquired the uniforms from army surplus stores. The newly-installed pro-Russian leader in Crimea, Sergei Aksyonov, on Wednesday night said there were 11,000 self-defence troops, according to AP. MPs in the Crimean parliament have announced they consider the territory to be part of Russia, providing some post-event legal cover for Russian troops involved in the take-over. Eyal said he was surprised that more has not been made of the fact that the Russians have hidden their identity. The basic principle in every conflict is combatants must have clear markings and they must belong to a state. If they do not belong to a state, they are classified as mercenaries or petty criminals. They are not entitled to be treated as prisoners of war, he said. The violation in the case of Russia goes further. There is deliberate obfuscation. They have removed IDs. Putin has says he does not know who they are and that anyone can buy military gear in surplus stores. It is a deliberate fuzzying of the identification and that is a violation. These troops do not enjoy protection under international law. The Ukrainians would be entitled to shoot them on sight or arrest them as they would any bank robbers. It shows a wanton disregard by Russia for international law. A further point. The artillery pieces have had all ID taken away. There are lorries driving around without licence plates. What purpose does this game fulfill? They are clearly trained, clearly commanded, doing regular shifts. These are not spontaneous guerrilla groups. Special forces can hide ID for a single operation but the military cannot do this for extended periods. It shows they have been planning this for a lengthy period or time. It is not just the removal of the ID but the fact they knew where they were being deployed. I am surprised the International Committee of the Red Cross has not commented on this. Tthe ICRC is responsible for the much of the current law on warfare, all based on the assumption of a fundamental difference between combatants and non-combatants. David-Pierre Marquet, a spokesman for the Geneva-based International Committee of the Red Cross, said: The situation is not so clear. According to the Geneva conventions, all armies should wear their distinctive uniforms. But in the Ukraine, there are lots of different armed groups. It is difficult to tell about a violation of the convention, Marquet said. It is a huge political and diplomatic crisis but in terms of the law, it is not clear. Marquet added: In the ICRC, we focus on humanitarian need, not to criticise or judge, not to say who is right or wrong. There are different parties. We are very sensitive to this. Responsibility of implementing Geneva conventions rests with governments, he said.. In a commentary on the ICRC website dealing with uniforms, Tony Pfanner, editor-in-chief of the International Review of the Red Cross, writes that the military uniform, which came into general use with the appearance of large national armies in the 17th century, had a primary function of identification. He argues that it is a misinterpretation of the Geneva conventions to deny prisoner-of-war status on the basis that combatants of a regular force failed to wear a uniform. But individual members of regular armed forces can possibly violate the requirement of distinction from the civilian population when not wearing a uniform. For the sake of the protection of the civilian population, the military uniform can and should play an important part in meeting the requirement of distinction, Pfanner writes. Brigadier Ben Barry, a land army specialist at the London-based International Institute for Strategic Studies, said: It is quite clear. The evidence is overwhelming. These are Russian troops. Some have identified themselves as Russian marines from Sevastopol, all are wearing standard Russian uniforms and although number places have beenb blanked out, some of them have lost their covers and are clearly Russian armed forces number plates. There is no requirement about details of uniforms. It simply says you have to fight in uniform. Wearing someone else's uniform is perfidy…..I do not believe wearing the national flag is a mandatory provision of the Geneva conventions, Barry said. Barry said that another point is that there has not been any fighting in the Crimea so it falls short of a conflict. It is not a state of armed conflict., he said. Bloc Party Ewen MacAskill theguardian.com © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds

1 fire:test:korea:north:missiles
850221	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-31 08:17:20	Drill sparks exchange of shells	NORTH and South Korea have traded artillery fire across their disputed maritime border.
854361	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-31 16:17:20	Koreas exchange live fire	NORTH and South Korea exchanged live fire across their maritime border yesterday.
362477	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-11 02:36:43	Kim's nuclear test alarms Pacific	NORTH Korea is planning a new nuclear test, and will also launch its largest intercontinental missile.
366750	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-11 14:36:35	N Korea eyes fourth N-test	NORTH Korean leader Kim Jong-un appears to be preparing for his country’s fourth major nuclear test
321852	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-05 15:28:52	Two Koreas agree to family reunions	A TEMPORARY truce between North and South Korea has been reached.
3365809	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-22 02:21:38	North Korea frees US hostage	JEFFREY Fowle is one of three Americans detained in North Korea, which in a surprise move allowed a Pentagon plane to land in Pyongyang.
3372472	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-22 15:21:39	American freed but no N Korea thaw	NORTH Korea’s unexpected release of a US detainee may be a step on the long road to direct talks, analysts say.
204609	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-20 23:25:34	US 'ready to act' to free Korea captive	THE family of an American held in North Korea say they are heartbroken but encouraged by his public confession and plea to be brought home.
4121995	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-12-28 16:00:25	‘Redacted’ version fails to appease Kim	THE “morning after the orgy” scene has been cut but North Korea remains furious about The Interview.
1700189	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-05-22 16:56:29	South, North Korean ships shoot	SEOUL has condemned North Korea for firing on a South Korean warship that was conducting a military exercise in contested waters.
3387348	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-23 16:21:45	Flight from gulag into kids’ arms	AN American held for nearly six months in North Korea for leaving a Bible at a nightclub has returned to Ohio.
5182421	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-02 14:56:12	N Korea fires missiles after drills	NORTH Korea fired two missiles and vowed “merciless” retaliation as the US and South Korea kicked off military drills.
6006232	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-08 17:21:31	N Korea ‘a nuke power by 2020’	Nuclear-armed North Korea will need ­foreign technology to upgrade its arsenal and pose a more direct threat to the US.
415847	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-18 15:37:32	N Korea gulags stuff of Nazis: Kirby	NORTH Korea runs a vast torture and extermination apparatus whose human rights abuses are comparable to those of the Nazis.
3188677	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-07 07:33:51	North, South Korean patrols swap fire	NORTH and South Korean naval patrol boats briefly exchanged warning fire today near their disputed Yellow Sea border.
4099897	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-12-25 15:00:18	Kim film released in online premiere	SONY yesterday streamed The Interview, the movie that has outraged North Korea.
2956519	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-17 05:53:13	US man ‘tried to swim to N Korea’	SOUTH Korean soldiers have detained a US citizen who was apparently trying to swim into North Korea.
5632990	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-22 14:44:05	Threat to airdrop Interview film on Kim	NORTH Korea will blow up balloons South Korean activists plan to launch carrying 10,000 DVDs of Hollywood film The Interview.
6317849	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-23 03:06:45	North Korea nuclear threat ‘rising’	North Korea could double their nuclear-weapons arsenal by next year, according to the latest China estimates.
5629536	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-22 10:43:57	Tensions over Kim DVD airdrop	NORTH Korea will blow up balloons South Korean activists plan to launch carrying 10,000 DVDs of Hollywood film The Interview.
478294	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-27 15:08:53	Beware poison of the West, says Kim	NORTH Korea’s supreme leader has warned of an “ideological and cultural invasion” of the isolated totalitarian state.
481980	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-28 01:15:27	N Korea fires missiles to deter war games	NORTH Korea has fired four suspected short-range missiles into its eastern waters, in an apparent bid to protest US-South Korean military exercises.
426737	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-20 01:37:59	Arrested missionary ‘knew of risks’	AN Australian missionary being detained in North Korea left Christian pamphlets in a Buddhist temple, his travel companion says.
501478	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-03 02:16:43	N Korea test fires short-range missiles	NORTH Korea has test fired two short-range missiles, the second in a series of launches that Seoul has denounced as a calculated provocation.
475748	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-27 08:08:55	West is poisoning us: Kim	NORTH KOREA'S leader has warned of an “ideological and cultural invasion” of his isolated state by foreign TV and radio broadcasts.
2069448	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-06-26 16:57:36	N Korea refuses visa for Australia	CANBERRA’S accredited ambassador to North Korea has been refused a visa to the secretive socialist state.
2077205	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-06-27 08:57:36	N Korea’s ‘breakthrough’ missile test	NORTH Korea has claimed the successful test of a new high-precision, tactical guided missile.
1340410	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-22 17:18:15	Pyongyang ‘close to fourth nuke test’	NORTH Korea could well be preparing to carry out its fourth nuclear test, South Korea's Defence Ministry said yesterday.
2514583	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-08-06 16:33:31	Indonesia ‘like North Korea’	FORMER general Prabowo Subianto has angrily compared Indonesia to a ‘totalit­arian country like North Korea’.
122834	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-09 07:44:13	Bizarre fact and wild fiction	DETERMINING whether stories about North Korea are true means delving into a grey area where the surreal mixes confusingly with the absurd.
3159890	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-04 12:33:41	Two Koreas to seek formal talks	NORTH and South Korea have agreed to work on resuming a formal high-level dialogue that has effectively been suspended for seven months.
2020093	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-06-22 17:34:19	North Korea targets Bishop	NORTH Korea has condemned Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop as a US “stooge” after she criticised its leader Kim Jong-un.
3169457	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-05 16:33:46	Pyongyang signals thaw in relations	THE two Koreas have held their highest-level talks in years during a surprise visit by top North Korean officials to South Korea.
2602349	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-08-14 09:11:02	North Korean pair take to sea to defect	IN a rare maritime defection across the border two men, believed to be father and son, swam at least 2.5km to South Korea.
7720286	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-26 00:34:19	‘I saw my first execution at 7’	Hyeonseo Lee defected from North Korea at 17 and she is determined to tell the world about the brutality of the regime.
2098287	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-06-29 16:57:39	N Korea launches more missiles	NORTH Korea has fired missiles into the sea, Seoul’s military says, in an apparent show of force before a visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping to the South.
2098699	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-06-29 17:57:39	N Korea launches more missiles	NORTH Korea has fired missiles into the sea, Seoul’s military says, before a visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping to the South.
2105557	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-06-30 10:57:41	Peace proposal follows missile tests	NORTH Korea has suggested that the two Koreas halt hostile military activities starting later this week.
6923023	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-20 17:27:59	N Korea claims nuclear breakthrough	North Korea said yesterday it has the technology to make nuclear missile warheads.
6177911	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-16 17:37:25	South Korea pulls out of meeting with North	Plans for an historic meeting in Moscow next month of the leaders of North and South Korea have been dashed.
4005970	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-12-16 14:43:38	North Korea strikes back on rights	NORTH Korea has accused the US of trying to topple it by targeting it with allegations of human rights abuses.
6946969	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-21 17:28:02	Kim under pressure, says Bishop	The regime appears angered by Australia’s for highlighting human rights abuses in North Korea, says the Foreign Minister.
2148275	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-07-03 16:57:49	N Korean tests flag ire at Xi’s visit	NORTH Korea yesterday vowed to push ahead with more strategic guided-missile tests.
4045141	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-12-19 14:59:51	‘The man who broke Sony’	A BEHIND-the-scenes look at the development of The Interview — the North Korea comedy which has become Hollywood’s most bizarre saga.
4151928	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-12-31 15:00:34	N Korea communism’s greatest success	DON’T be fooled into thinking Kim’s regime is crazily unpredictable.
3708432	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-11-20 06:44:36	North Korea in new nuclear test threats	NEW satellite images suggest North Korea may be firing up a facility for processing weapons-grade plutonium amid nuclear test threats.
3713903	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-11-20 15:44:37	Signs N Korea preparing bomb material	SATELLITE imagery suggests North Korea may be firing up a facility for processing wea­pons-grade plutonium.
331550	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-02-06 17:21:39	North Korea, Citing U.S. Bomber Training Run, May Cancel Reunions	North Korea protested military exercises by the United States and South Korea, and threatened to cancel meetings for families torn apart by war.
331998	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-02-06 18:21:39	North Korea, Citing U.S. Bomber Training Run, May Cancel Reunions	North Korea protested military exercises by the United States and South Korea, and threatened to cancel meetings for families torn apart by the Korean War.
826120	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-28 02:33:05	World Briefing: South Korea: North Korean Boat Seized	South Korea’s military seized a North Korean fishing boat on Thursday that it said had crossed a disputed maritime border after ignoring warnings to retreat.
1422407	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-29 15:21:57	North Korea Lobs Shells Near Disputed Sea Border	Thousands of South Korean islanders fled in panic to shelters after the artillery rounds were fired by the North.
1423110	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-29 16:21:57	North Korea Lobs Shells Near Disputed Sea Border	Thousands of South Korean islanders fled in panic to shelters after the North Korean military fired artillery rounds.
1801677	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-05-31 03:15:27	World Briefing: South Korean Sentenced in North Korea	North Korea sentenced a South Korean missionary to life with hard labor on Friday after convicting him of espionage and setting up an underground church.
2244073	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-07-14 10:38:15	North Korea Fires Rockets and Artillery	Artillery pieces and rockets were fired into the sea between North Korea and Japan on Monday, said a South Korean defense spokesman.
240075	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-01-25 02:35:45	North Korea Agrees to Proposal to Resume Family Reunions, Reversing Stance	South Korea and the United States remained skeptical over North Korea’s motives after it agreed to resume family reunions for those divided 60 years ago by the Korean War.
826770	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-28 04:33:08	U.N. Condemns North Korean Test	The United Nations Security Council unanimously condemned North Korea on Thursday for launching two midrange missiles a day earlier, with Pyongyang’s main ally, China, joining in the criticism.
832711	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-28 18:33:27	U.N. Rights Panel Seeks Support for North Korea Inquiry	In a resolution, the United Nations Human Rights Council urged global powers to back a criminal investigation of North Korea for crimes against humanity and to consider targeted sanctions.
834978	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-29 00:33:32	Rights Panel Seeks Inquiry of North Korea	In a resolution, the United Nations Human Rights Council urged global powers to back a criminal investigation of North Korea for crimes against humanity and to consider targeted sanctions.
1358139	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-24 04:20:07	World Briefing: Contradictory Reports on North Korea’s Nuclear Preparations	Though a South Korean official said North Korea had nearly completed all preparations it would need to conduct a nuclear test, a website run by the U.S.-Korea Institute said a test was unlikely this weekend.
373054	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-02-12 06:06:54	At North’s Suggestion, Koreas Open Dialogue	North and South Korea started their highest-level government dialogue since the North’s nuclear test last year prompted fears of armed conflict.
1458993	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-05-02 07:22:42	World Briefing: North Korea: Activity at a Missile Site	New commercial satellite imagery shows that North Korea is expanding its main rocket-launching site and testing engines of what is believed to be its first road-mobile intercontinental ballistic missile.
380721	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-02-13 01:07:06	North Korea a Priority as Kerry Begins Asia Tour	Secretary of State John Kerry will try to get China’s help in pressuring North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program.
844957	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-30 16:37:14	North Korea Promises ‘New Form’ of Nuclear Test	The North did not elaborate, but Western analysts have long suspected that it is trying to make nuclear devices that could be delivered by intercontinental ballistic missiles.
861521	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-01 11:01:47	After Trading Fire, North and South Korea Trade Insults	North Korean state media called South Korea’s unmarried leader an “eccentric old spinster” and “a frog in a well.”
864937	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-01 16:48:58	After Trading Fire, North and South Korea Trade Insults	After artillery fire, North Korea’s state news media called South Korea’s president an “eccentric old spinster” and “a frog in a well.”
867741	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-01 21:51:26	After Trading Fire, North and South Korea Trade Insults	North Korea’s state news media called South Korea’s president an “eccentric old spinster” and “a frog in a well.”
480765	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-02-27 20:24:20	North Korea Fires Short-Range Missiles Into Sea	North Korea fired four suspected short-range missiles into its eastern waters Thursday, South Korean defense officials said.
732932	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-18 04:32:57	World Briefing: China Snubs U.N.’s North Korea Report	China on Monday dismissed a United Nations report accusing North Korea of committing crimes against humanity.
1080880	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-18 04:54:41	U.N. Council Takes Up Question of Rights in North Korea	The United Nations appeared to move a step closer on Thursday to holding North Korea’s government accountable for what an investigative panel has called a history of crimes against humanity.
483854	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-02-28 06:16:31	North Korea Is Said to Launch Missiles Into Sea	The North was said to have launched four short-range missiles off its coast, and a South Korean missionary held there appeared at a government-arranged news conference in Pyongyang.
897680	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-04 07:55:37	South Korea Tests Missile That Can Strike Most of North	The launching by South Korea comes after Pyongyang conducted a series of its own missile tests, raising tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
2153608	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-07-04 03:27:14	Leaders Unite Against a Nuclear North Korea	The presidents of China and South Korea smoothed over differences to release a joint statement expressing opposition to North Korea’s nuclear weapons programs.
2153905	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-07-04 04:27:15	China and South Korea Affirm Antinuclear Goals	The presidents of China and South Korea smoothed over differences to release a joint statement expressing opposition to North Korea’s nuclear weapons programs.
1803993	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-05-31 10:15:32	Baptist Missionary Sentenced to Life in Hard Labor by North Korea	The South Korean Baptist missionary was accused of trying to build underground churches in North Korea.
905949	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-05 01:56:13	South Korea Tests Missile Able to Strike Most of North	The launching by South Korea comes after Pyongyang conducted a series of its own missile tests, raising tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
1832598	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-06-03 05:18:44	World Briefing: 2 North Koreans to Defect	South Korea announced Monday that it would respect the wishes of two North Koreans to defect after their boat drifted into the South’s waters, but said that it would return a third who wanted to go back to North Korea.
2097120	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-06-29 13:02:26	North Korea Fires 2 Missiles in Defiance of U.N. Ban	The launching off the east coast came four days before the Chinese president was due to make his first visit to the peninsula, in Seoul, South Korea.
176661	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-01-16 18:56:33	Let’s Stop All the Insults, North Korea Says	A proposal by North Korea to South Korea calls for an end to all the cross-border invective both sides have hurled at each other for decades.
179459	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-01-17 02:56:38	Let’s Cease The Insults, North Korea Says to South	A proposal by North Korea to South Korea calls for an end to all the cross-border invective both sides have hurled at each other for decades.
1339862	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-22 16:18:13	North Korea Shows Signs of Planning Nuclear Test	The South Korean Defense Ministry said it had “detected various types of activities” at the North Korean site used for previous underground nuclear tests.
1344576	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-23 01:19:41	North Korea Said to Be Readying Nuclear Test	The South Korean Defense Ministry said it had “detected various types of activities” at the North Korean site used for previous underground nuclear tests.
1345255	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-23 03:19:44	Increased Activity at North Korean Nuclear Site Raises Suspicions	There is speculation that the North may be preparing to conduct an underground nuclear test and trying to rattle South Korea and the United States before President Obama’s arrival in Seoul on Friday.
2102465	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-06-30 03:02:36	North Korea Defies U.N. and Provokes Its Neighbors by Firing 2 Ballistic Missiles	The launching off the east coast came four days before the Chinese president was due to make his first visit to the peninsula, in Seoul, South Korea.
1913603	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-06-10 03:35:20	World Briefing: North Korea: U.N. Attracts Threats for Plan to Monitor Human Rights	North Korea threatened “ruthless punishment” against South Korea for playing host to a United Nations office that will monitor the human rights situation in the North.
2104776	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-06-30 09:02:39	North Korea Plans to Indict Two Americans; Defies U.N. by Firing Ballistic Missiles	The official news agency said the Americans would be tried on charges of committing “hostile acts,” a report that came a day after the country launched two missiles off its east coast.
2105807	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-06-30 11:02:41	North Korea Plans to Indict Two Americans; Defies U.N. by Firing Ballistic Missiles	The official news agency said that the Americans would be tried on charges of committing “hostile acts,” a report that came a day after the country launched two missiles off its east coast.
180352	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-01-17 05:56:38	Let’s Cease the Insults, North Korea Says to South	A proposal by North Korea calls for an end to all the cross-border invective both sides have hurled at each other for decades.
1541807	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-05-09 04:16:25	Ugly Words From North Korea	The state-controlled news agency directed racist and suggestive language toward President Obama and President Park Geun-hye of South Korea, who together recently issued stern warnings to North Korea.
848055	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-31 01:37:34	North Korea Vows to Use ‘New Form’ of Nuclear Test	The North did not elaborate, but Western analysts have long suspected that it is trying to make nuclear devices that could be delivered by intercontinental ballistic missiles.
336689	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-02-07 08:21:47	Report Says North Korea Is Improving Missile Capabilities	By expanding its main satellite launch site, North Korea may be able to accommodate larger rockets for its ballistic missile program.
771130	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-22 04:24:46	World Briefing: North Korea: Rockets Fired in a Test Land in the Sea	North Korea test-fired 30 short-range rockets off its east coast on Saturday, the latest in a series of military actions condemned by South Korea.
852124	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-31 11:38:02	North and South Korea Exchange Fire Across Disputed Sea Border	North Korea conducted live-fire military drills in a provocation that came a day after it threatened to conduct more nuclear tests.
1371239	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-25 04:20:25	News Analysis: Wrong Guesses About North Korea Leave U.S. Struggling to Adjust	Almost everything American intelligence agencies and North Korea-watchers thought they understood two years ago about Kim Jong-un, the North’s young leader, turns out to have been wrong.
805293	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-03-26 04:32:02	North Korea Launches Two Midrange Missiles	The move came after the leaders of the United States, Japan and South Korea gathered in the Netherlands to discuss the North’s nuclear threats.
2206862	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-07-09 05:05:28	North Korea Fires 2 More Ballistic Missiles	In test-firing two Scud-type missiles, North Korea was flexing its military muscle even as it was reaching out to Japan and South Korea.
1371588	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-25 05:20:26	News Analysis: U.S. Confronts Consequences of Underestimating North Korean Leader	As President Obama visits South Korea, he will be confronting the question of whether his strategy of “strategic patience” with the North and its leader, Kim Jong-un, is irrelevant.
1402883	en_USA_nytime_int	2014-04-28 06:21:31	North Korean Peace Group Insults South Korean Leader	The North’s Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea described Park Geun-hye in misogynic terms and called President Obama her “pimp.”
907471	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-04-05 07:47:23	North Korea tells the world 'wait and see' over new nuclear tests	North Korea commits to new form of nuclear test, despite international condemnation over recent ballistic missile launches
1371422	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-04-25 05:18:18	PIC AND PUB PLS North Korea 'probably' preparing new nuclear test, according to US think tank	Satellite images record activity, probably related to preparations for a detonation, claim US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University as President Barack Obama is due in South Korea
1373254	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-04-25 09:18:19	Obama warns North Korea of consequences of nuclear test	Pyongyang ready to defy international pressure and carry out fourth test detonation despite international condemnation
1376086	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-04-25 14:18:21	Barack Obama warns North Korea on nuclear testing	United States President Barack Obama says his nation stands shoulder-to-shoulder with South Korea in warnings against North Korea
1379292	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-04-25 19:18:23	North Korea detains US man ahead of Obama trip	As President Barack Obama arrives in South Korea for a two-day visit North Korea announces it has detained a US tourist
1385724	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-04-26 11:18:29	Barack Obama warns North Korea that US 'will not hesitate to use our military might' to defend allies	US President Barack Obama warns North Korea that the US will not shy away from defending its allies, as he addresses US troops stationed in Seoul
1403250	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-04-28 07:18:53	North Korea labels South Korean PM Barack Obama's 'prostitute'	Defying international warnings over a new atomic test, Pyongyang says it is ready for 'full-scale nuclear war'
913601	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-04-06 06:47:40	US to send two more missile defence warships to Japan to counter North Korea threat	Chuck Hagel commits two additional warships to Japan by 2017 following 'provocative and destabilising' actions of North Korea, including recent missile launches
727104	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-03-17 04:19:21	North Korea test-fires 25 short-range rockets	North Korea has conducted a string of similar short-range launches in recent weeks that have coincided with the annual military drills by allies Washington and Seoul
777053	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-03-23 05:16:59	North Korea test fires 16 missiles for second day running	About 70 short-range rockets have been fired into the sea this month, including 30 on Saturday
182563	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-01-17 12:26:38	Let's end insults and provocation, North Korea tells South Korea	Seoul rejects 'fake peace offensive' after Pyongyang calls for an end to cross-border abuse - but also warns of 'nuclear holocaust' over war games
1517848	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-05-07 08:14:31	United States warns of 'imminent' North Korea nuclear test	South Korea calls on international community to increase sanctions if Pyongyang goes ahead with nuclear detonation
804282	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-03-26 02:17:44	North Korea test-fires more missiles as Barack Obama holds Japan-South Korea summit	Over the past four weeks, North Korea has conducted multiple launches of short-range Scud missiles and rockets to coincide with the annual joint military drills South Korea is conducting with the United States
804572	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-03-26 03:17:45	North Korea test-fires medium-range missiles as Barack Obama holds Japan-South Korea summit	Over the past four weeks, North Korea has conducted multiple launches of short-range Scud missiles and rockets to coincide with the annual joint military drills South Korea is conducting with the United States
805777	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-03-26 06:17:46	North Korea test-fires ballistic missiles as Barack Obama holds Japan-South Korea summit	Over the past four weeks, North Korea has conducted multiple launches of short-range Scud missiles and rockets to coincide with the annual joint military drills South Korea is conducting with the United States
827230	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-03-28 06:18:29	UN Security Council members condemn North Korea missile launch	UN Security Council will consult on an appropriate response after condemning North Korea's recent ballistic missile launch as a violation of UN resolutions
858857	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-04-01 02:19:21	Signs of earthquake off North Korea prompts nuclear test fears	The location and depth of the earthquake did not immediately suggest North Korean nuclear testing was the cause
477952	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-02-27 14:08:57	North Korea test-fires four short-range missiles	South Korea says neighbour fired missiles from a mountain range near the border in apparent exercise drill
770622	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-03-22 03:16:41	North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea	South Korea has urged North Korea earlier this week to stop what it called provocative and potentially dangerous tests
2207470	en_GBR_dailyt_int	2014-07-09 06:59:39	North Korea fires missiles as state announces death of its top nuclear expert	Announcement of the decorated general Jon Pyong Ho's death came as North Korea launched short-range missiles into its eastern waters
2243586	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-14 06:29:18	Reports say North Korea fires shells into the sea	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) South Korea's Yonhap news agency says North Korea has fired 100 artillery shells into the sea.Yonhap said Monday that the shells fired from multiple rocket launch systems into waters north of the eastern...
2392016	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-26 19:08:34	North Korea fires short-range missile into sea	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korea fired a short-range ballistic missile into waters off its east coast on Saturday, a South Korean defense official said, adding to its unusually high number of weapons tests this year. The launch...
2392017	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-26 19:08:34	S. Korea: N. Korea fires short-range missile into waters off its coast in latest test-firing	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) S. Korea: N. Korea fires short-range missile into waters off its coast in latest test-firing.
2243960	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-14 09:29:42	Seoul: N. Korea fires artillery shells into ocean	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) Another day, another defiant weapons test from North Korea.A day after launching two ballistic missiles from a base near the border with archrival South Korea, Pyongyang on Monday fired a barrage of artillery...
1697666	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-05-22 13:55:33	Report: N. Korea fires near S. Korean warship	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korea fired into disputed waters near a South Korean warship Thursday, a Joint Chiefs of Staff officer said, in the latest sign of tension rising between the bitter rivals in recent weeks.The officer...
1697026	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-05-22 12:55:33	Yonhap news agency says North Korea firing into disputed waters near a South Korean warship	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) Yonhap news agency says North Korea firing into disputed waters near a South Korean warship.
2066387	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-06-26 12:58:38	Yonhap news agency says North Korea has test-fired 3 short-range projectiles into Sea of Japan	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) Yonhap news agency says North Korea has test-fired 3 short-range projectiles into Sea of Japan.
2066386	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-06-26 12:58:38	Reports: North Korea fires short-range projectiles	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korea test-fired three short-range projectiles Thursday into the waters off its east coast, South Korean media reported.The South Korean Defense Ministry couldn't immediately confirm the reports from...
2243747	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-14 07:29:29	Seoul: N. Korea fires artillery shells into ocean	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korea on Monday fired artillery shells into waters near its sea border with South Korea, Seoul's military said, a day after the country test-launched two ballistic missiles in the latest of a series...
2066908	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-06-26 13:58:39	Seoul: North Korea fires 3 short-range projectiles	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korea fired three short-range projectiles Thursday into the waters off its east coast, a South Korean defense official said. The move was most likely a routine test-firing, but the official said it could...
2094557	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-06-29 04:00:12	Seoul: North Korea fires more short-range missiles	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korea fired two short-range missiles into its eastern waters Sunday, a South Korean official said, an apparent test fire that comes just days after the country tested what it called new precision-guided...
2094346	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-06-29 03:00:11	Yonhap news agency says North Korea has fired 2 short-range missiles in apparent test fire	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) Yonhap news agency says North Korea has fired 2 short-range missiles in apparent test fire.
2094556	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-06-29 04:00:12	Reports of North Korea firing missiles	Yonhap news agency says North Korea has fired two short-range missiles. The apparent test fire comes just days after the country tested what it says were new precision-guided missiles.South Korean Defense Ministry officials couldn't...
2094345	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-06-29 03:00:11	Yonhap: North Korea again fires missiles	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) Yonhap news agency says North Korea has fired two short-range missiles. The apparent test fire comes just days after the country tested what it says were new precision-guided missiles.South Korean Defense...
2095533	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-06-29 08:00:18	North Korea fires short-range missiles	North Korea fired two short-range missiles into its eastern waters Sunday, a South Korean official said, an apparent test fire that comes just days after the country tested what it called new precision-guided missiles.The defence...
2205788	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-09 02:19:18	North Korea again fires projectiles into water	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) A South Korean military official says North Korea has launched two projectiles into its eastern waters in an apparent continuation of a recent series of missile and artillery test launches.The official says...
2205789	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-09 02:19:18	Seoul says North Korea launches projectiles into its eastern waters in apparent test-fire	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) Seoul says North Korea launches projectiles into its eastern waters in apparent test-fire.
2206946	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-09 05:19:21	North Korea again fires missiles into sea	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korea launched two short-range ballistic missiles Wednesday morning into the sea off its east coast, a South Korean defense official said, in a continuation of a recent series of missile and rocket test...
2128859	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-02 04:17:05	Report: North Korea fires two projectiles	A news report says that North Korea has fired two short-range projectiles into waters off its east coast.Yonhap news agency says the launches happened Wednesday but gave no details. South Korea's Defense Ministry couldn't immediately...
2240655	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-13 03:25:56	Media: North Korea again test-fires missiles	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) South Korean and Japanese media say North Korea has launched two ballistic missiles into the sea off its east coast in its latest test-firing.Impoverished North Korea has staged a series of recent missile...
2241536	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-13 11:27:22	North Korea fires two missiles into the sea	North Korea launched two ballistic missiles into the sea on Sunday, South Korea said, the latest in a series of test-firings seen as expressions of anger over the North's failure to win talks on receiving outside aid, and over U.S.-South...
2240756	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-13 04:25:59	Seoul: North Korea again test-fires projectiles	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korea launched two projectiles presumed to be ballistic missiles into the sea on Sunday, South Korea said, the latest in a series of test-firings seen as expressions of anger over its failure to win...
2241074	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-13 07:26:32	North Korea launches missiles in latest test-fire	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) North Korea launched two ballistic missiles into the sea on Sunday, South Korea said, the latest in a series of test-firings seen as expressions of anger over the North's failure to win talks on receiving...
482780	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-02-28 03:15:26	North Korea test-fires four short-range missiles	SEOUL: North Korea test-fired four short-range missiles into the sea on Thursday, Seoul s defence ministry said, in an apparent show of force to coinc
2612738	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-08-15 04:27:15	North Korea test-fires missiles as pope visits South	SEOUL: Pope Francis called for an end to displays of force on the divided Korean peninsula on Thursday, as North Korea marked his arrival in Seoul f
5195634	en_PAK_newint_int	2015-03-03 07:39:53	North Korea fires missiles in anger at South-US military drills	SEOUL: North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missiles into the sea and vowed <U+0093>merciless<U+0094> retaliation on Monday as the US and South Korea kicked
906748	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-04-05 04:49:04	S Korea tests missile bringing entire DPRK in range	SEOUL: South Korea said on Friday it had successfully test-fired a new ballistic missile capable of carrying a one-tonne payload to any part of North
4694071	en_PAK_newint_int	2015-02-08 02:49:32	N Korea test-fires intelligent anti-ship rocket	SEOUL: North Korea has test-fired a new <U+0093>ultra-precision<U+0094> intelligent rocket to be deployed across its navy, state media said on Saturday, in the late
7477033	en_PAK_newint_int	2015-06-15 04:34:15	DPRK missiles	SEOUL: North Korea on Sunday test-fired three short-range missiles into the sea, South Korea s defence ministry said, weeks after claiming a successfu
6692778	en_PAK_newint_int	2015-05-10 04:44:39	N Korea test-fires submarine-launched ballistic missile	SEOUL: North Korea said on Saturday it had successfully test-fired a submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) <U+0097> a technology that could eventually
519177	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-03-05 04:31:25	DPRK fires rockets from multiple launchers in show of force	SEOUL: North Korea fired a volley of rockets from multiple launchers into the sea on Tuesday, in an apparent show of force to coincide with South Kore
2102965	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-06-30 04:59:22	N Korea launches two missiles, defies UN ban	SEOUL: North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missiles into seas east off its coast on Sunday, South Korea´s military said, defying a UN ban on t
2249566	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-07-15 02:20:29	North Korea fires two more missiles into sea	SEOUL: North Korea fired two short-range missiles into the sea on Sunday, Seoul s military said, in an apparent show of anger at an upcoming joint mil
727369	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-03-17 05:28:06	DPRK fires 18 rockets into sea	SEOUL: North Korea on Sunday test-fired 18 rockets into the sea, South Korea s defence ministry said, the latest in a series of launches that have pro
732653	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-03-18 03:28:16	DPRK urged to stop rocket tests	SEOUL: South Korea urged North Korea Monday to stop what it called <U+0093>provocative<U+0094> and potentially dangerous rocket and missile tests, a day after Pyong
783819	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-03-24 03:17:54	DPRK test-fires rockets as tensions rise	PYONGYANG: North Korea test-fired 16 short-range rockets into the sea on Sunday, the South s military said <U+0097> the latest of dozens launched in recent w
510472	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-03-04 04:26:30	North Korea fires missiles, South says provocative	SEOUL: North Korea fired short-range missiles into the sea off its eastern coast for the second time in a week on Monday, prompting a warning from Sou
2395230	en_PAK_newint_int	2014-07-27 05:09:28	N Korea fires short-range missile into sea	SEOUL: North Korea fired a short-range missile into the sea on Saturday, the 15th time it has launched rockets this year, the South s Yonhap news agen
4427039	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-01-20 08:03:19	Pyongyang seeks to discredit defector over recanted story	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea is seeking to discredit a prominent North Korean prison camp survivor who recently admitted inaccuracies in parts of his widely read story of horrific abuse in the North.Pyongyang's government-run...
5425401	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-13 07:32:21	North Korea fires missiles into sea again, South says	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea has test fired seven short-range missiles into the sea, South Korea said Friday, in its latest launch of missiles during joint military drills between South Korea and the United States.A South...
4700498	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-02-08 11:48:36	North Korea test-fires 5 short-range missiles into the sea	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  South Korea's Defense Ministry says North Korea has test-fired five short-range missiles into the sea.The ministry says the missiles flew about 200 kilometers (125 miles) before landing in waters off North...
4683103	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-02-07 12:19:13	North Korea says it test-fires anti-ship cruise missile	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea said Saturday that it has test-fired a new anti-ship cruise missile, a move experts in Seoul viewed as an attempt to raise tensions ahead of joint military drills between the United States and...
4682135	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-02-07 11:19:11	North Korea says it test-fires anti-ship cruise missile	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea says it has test-fired a new anti-ship cruise missile, a move experts in Seoul see as an attempt to raise tensions ahead of joint military drills between the United States and South Korea.The...
5098495	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-02-26 11:32:10	N. Korea demands higher wages for workers employed by South	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea has told rival South Korea that it plans to unilaterally raise the minimum wage for North Koreans employed by southern companies at a jointly run industrial park starting in March, officials said...
4701274	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-02-08 12:48:38	North Korea test-fires 5 short-range missiles into the sea	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea test-fired five short-range missiles into the sea on Sunday in its second such weapons test this year, a South Korean defense official said, amid dimming prospects for the resumption of high-level...
5497849	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-16 17:34:50	UN investigator: Pressure North Korea on abductions	UNITED NATIONS (AP)  The U.N. special rapporteur on North Korea said Monday the closed-off country must be held to account for the hundreds of people it's accused of abducting from Japan, South Korea and elsewhere in recent decades.In...
5508685	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-17 04:35:06	Top diplomats of S. Korea, China and Japan to resume talks	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  The foreign ministers of South Korea, China and Japan plan to meet this week for what would be their first trilateral talks in three years.The annual talks had been suspended since they were last held in...
5452080	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-14 12:33:22	Despite Pyongyang protests, US holds firm on military drills	BUSAN, South Korea (AP)  Annual war games between South Korea and the U.S. military never fail to bring a loud outcry from North Korea.U.S. military officials showing off their latest addition to the maneuvers  a new type of ship...
5426390	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-13 08:32:25	North Korea fires missiles into sea again, South says	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea has test fired seven short-range missiles into the sea, South Korean officials said Friday, in the latest such tests launched during ongoing South Korea-U.S. military drills.The surface-to-air...
4897275	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-02-17 09:14:30	South Korea's leader replaces point man on North Korea	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  South Korea's president replaced her point man on North Korea on Tuesday in a reshuffle that involved three other top officials.Hong Yong Pyo, the presidential secretary for unification, was nominated to...
5254876	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-05 16:42:07	Family: Canadian pastor has been detained in North Korea	TORONTO (AP)  Canada's government has confirmed that a Canadian pastor has been detained in North Korea, the man's family said Thursday.Canadian officials told the family that North Korea's government confirmed the detention of...
5509584	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-17 05:35:08	Top diplomats of S. Korea, China and Japan to resume talks	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  The foreign ministers of South Korea, China and Japan will meet this week for their first trilateral talks in three years, Seoul officials said Tuesday.The annual talks, which began in 2007, have been suspended...
5097521	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-02-26 10:32:09	N. Korea demands higher wages for workers employed by South	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  Officials say North Korea has told rival South Korea that it plans to raise the minimum wage for North Koreans employed by southern companies at a jointly run industrial park.An official from Seoul's Unification...
5170870	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-02 02:56:01	Seoul: North Korea test fires 2 short-range missiles	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea fired two short-range missiles into the sea off its east coast on Monday, South Korea's military said, in a likely show of anger at the start of annual U.S.-South Korean military drills that Pyongyang...
5172534	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-02 04:56:04	Seoul: North Korea test fires 2 short-range missiles	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea on Monday fired two short-range ballistic missiles into the sea and warned of merciless strikes against its enemies as allies Seoul and Washington launched annual military drills Pyongyang claims...
5171707	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-02 03:56:02	North Korea fires two missiles into the sea	North Korea has fired two missiles into the sea and vowed merciless retaliation as the US and South Korea kicked off joint military drills denounced by Pyongyang as recklessly confrontational.The annual exercises always trigger...
4427983	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-01-20 09:03:23	Pyongyang seeks to discredit defector over recanted story	SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  North Korea on Tuesday sought to discredit a prominent North Korean prison camp survivor who recently admitted inaccuracies in parts of his widely read story about horrific abuse in the country of his birth.The...
5200755	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2015-03-03 12:39:26	NKorea: US-South Korea drills 'unprecedentedly provocative'	BERLIN (AP)  North Korea's foreign minister is telling an international disarmament conference that the current round of U.S.-South Korean military drills is unprecedentedly provocative.On Monday, North Korea fired two short-range...
5248890	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-05 11:40:42	North Korea media calls attack on U.S. ambassador 'deserved punishment'	SEOUL - North Korea's official KCNA news agency called Thursday's knife attack on the U.S. ambassador to South Korea deserved punishment for U.S. military exercises with South Korea, calling the assault the knife of justice. Ambassador Mark Lippert...
4336524	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-01-15 19:57:49	North Korea calls U.S.-South Korea exercises 'open challenge'	GENEVA - Joint military exercises by South Korea and the United States this week are an open challenge to North Korea's demand to ease tension on the divided peninsula, a Pyongyang envoy said on Thursday. So Se Pyong, ambassador of the Democratic People's...
4237472	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-01-09 13:18:37	North Korea rejects call from South's parliament for talks	SEOUL - North Korea rejected on Friday a South Korean call for the resumption of stalled talks, a setback for efforts to reduce tension on the peninsula after the North Korean leader made a surprise New Year call for a summit. South Korea's parliament called...
5452027	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-14 12:33:05	Despite Pyongyang protests, US holds firm on military drills	BUSAN (South Korea) - Annual war games between South Korea and the US military never fail to bring a loud outcry from North Korea. US military officials showing off their latest addition to the manoeuvres - a new type of ship designed to deal with the exact...
4257267	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-01-11 23:54:50	N Korea ‘to halt nuclear tests if US, Seoul suspend military drills’	SEOUL - North Korea has said it told the United States it would impose a temporary moratorium on nuclear tests if Washington cancelled its joint annual military exercises with Seoul to help promote dialogue on the divided Korean Peninsula. Pyongyang proposed...
5174109	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-02 06:55:53	North Korea, angered by drills, fires short-range missiles off coast	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range missiles off its east coast on Monday, South Korean officials said, a defiant response to annual military exercises between South Korea and the United States but one which drew a swift protest from Japan. The firing...
5169874	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-02 01:55:45	North Korea, angered by drills, fires short-range missiles off coast	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range missiles off its east coast on Monday, a South Korean military official said, a move seen as a protest against annual military exercises between South Korea and the United States that were due to start hours...
5172398	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-02 04:55:50	North Korea, angered by drills, fires short-range missiles off coast	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range missiles off its east coast on Monday, the South Korean military said, a move seen as a protest against annual military exercises between South Korea and the United States that were due to start hours later. The...
5175125	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-02 07:55:55	North Korea, angered by drills, fires short-range missiles	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range missiles off its east coast on Monday, South Korean officials said, a defiant response to annual military exercises between South Korea and the United States but one which drew a swift protest from Japan. The firing...
5131546	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-02-27 19:33:52	North Korea steps up threats over drills; U.S. Congress advances sanctions bill	SEOUL/WASHINGTON - North Korea ramped up threatening language against the United States on Friday, days before the start of annual joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises, while a bill to stiffen sanctions against Pyongyang advanced in the U.S....
5050579	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-02-24 09:02:37	U.S., South Korea to start military drills amid tension with North	SEOUL - South Korea and the United States will begin eight weeks of joint military drills starting March 2, military officials said on Tuesday, an annual exercise that typically provokes heightened rhetoric and military threats from North Korea. North Korea...
4678331	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-02-07 06:17:00	North Korea test-fires new anti-ship cruise missile	SEOUL - North Korea has test-fired a new anti-ship cruise missile, images released by state media on Saturday showed, demonstrating the increased capability of the secretive state's outdated navy. The images were released in the lead-up to U.S.-South Korean...
4127253	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-12-29 07:03:47	Amid hacking tensions, South Korea proposes resuming talks with North	SEOUL - South Korea proposed on Monday to resume stalled talks with North Korea, an overture that comes amid heightened diplomatic tension after Seoul's key ally the United States blamed the North for a cyberattack on Sony Pictures Entertainment. North Korea...
5187661	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-02 19:56:06	North Korea angered by U.S.-South Korea military drills, fires missiles off coast	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range missiles off its eastern coast on Monday, South Korean officials said, a defiant response to annual joint military exercises between South Korea and the United States, but one which drew a swift protest from...
5189505	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-02 22:14:17	N Korea fires missiles into sea as US-Seoul war games begin	SEOUL - North Korea flouted United Nations resolutions yesterday by launching two Scud-type ballistic missiles towards the sea between the Korean Peninsula and Japan, as the United States and South Korea started their annual joint military drills. The two...
4700374	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-02-08 11:48:26	North Korea fires short-range missiles off coast	SEOUL - North Korea fired five short-range missiles off its east coast on Sunday, in a demonstration of military muscle by the secretive state amid escalating rhetoric against the United States and South Korea. The missiles hit the sea after about 200 km (120...
4134881	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-12-29 22:03:57	Amid hacking tensions, S Korea proposes resuming talks with North	SEOUL - South Korea proposed yesterday to resume stalled talks with North Korea, an overture that comes amid heightened diplomatic tension after Seoul's key ally, the United States, blamed the North for a cyberattack on Sony Pictures Entertainment. Seoul's...
5439245	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-13 20:32:47	North Korea test fires seven surface-to-air missiles - South Korea	SEOUL - North Korea test-fired seven surface-to-air missiles off its east coast on Thursday, and its leader Kim Jong Un appeared to have been an observer, South Korea's military said on Friday. The test prompted the Pentagon to urge Pyongyang to stop...
5122550	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-02-27 11:32:41	North Korea steps up verbal threats ahead of U.S.-South Korea military drills	SEOUL - North Korea ramped up its threatening language against the United States on Friday, days before the start of annual joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises that often trigger an angry response from Pyongyang. North Korea regularly protests the...
4295444	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-01-14 00:12:06	North Korea offers to meet U.S. on rejected nuclear test proposal	UNITED NATIONS - North Korea offered on Tuesday to meet directly with the United States in a bid to sway Washington after it rejected Pyongyang's proposal to suspend nuclear tests if annual U.S. military drills with South Korea were shelved. North Korea's...
4246885	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-01-10 13:18:59	North Korea hints at nuclear test moratorium	SEOUL - North Korea has told the United States that it's willing to impose a temporary moratorium on nuclear tests if Washington scraps planned military drills with South Korea this year, the North's official news agency said today (Jan 10). The reported...
4296127	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-01-14 01:00:56	North Korea again urges US to suspend military exercises	UNITED NATIONS - North Korea says many things will be possible this year on the Korean peninsula if the United States suspends annual military exercises with South Korea this year in exchange for Pyongyang's suspension of nuclear tests. The country's new...
5426378	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-13 08:32:25	North Korea test-fires seven surface-to-air missiles: South Korea	SEOUL - North Korea test-fired seven surface-to-air missiles off its east coast on Thursday and its leader Kim Jong Un appeared to have been an observer, South Korea's military said on Friday. The missiles fell into the sea, said an official at the South...
4249725	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-01-10 22:19:04	North Korea offers to suspend nuclear tests if U.S. suspends military drills	SEOUL - North Korea said on Saturday it was willing to suspend nuclear tests if the United States agreed to call off annual military drills held jointly with South Korea, but Washington rejected the proposal as a veiled threat. The offer, which the North's...
5425456	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-03-13 07:32:23	North Korea fires missiles into sea again, South says	SEOUL - South Korea says North Korea has test fired seven missiles into the sea. A South Korean defence ministry official said today (March 13) that the surface-to-air missiles launched from North Korea late yesterday flew into waters off the eastern...
2216783	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-07-09 22:04:23	North Korean nuclear and missile expert dies; more missiles fired	SEOUL - A former North Korean missile expert who was placed under sanctions by the United Nations for his role in the country's nuclear and missile weapons programmes has died, state media said on Wednesday. The announcement of Jon Pyong Ho's death came as...
1832962	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-06-03 06:18:14	U.S. troop leader in S.Korea wants deployment of new missile defense against North	SEOUL - The commander of U.S. troops stationed in South Korea said on Tuesday he had proposed deploying an advanced missile-defense system to the country, to counter the growing threat of North Korea's weapons capabilities. In March, the North test fired a...
2100830	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-06-29 22:59:59	North Korea fires ballistic missiles, defying UN ban	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missiles into the sea east of its coast yesterday, South Korea's military said, defying a United Nations ban on the isolated country testing such weapons. The launch came days before Chinese President Xi...
2097068	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-06-29 12:59:49	N.Korea launches two missiles, defies UN ban	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missiles into seas east off its coast on Sunday, South Korea's military said, defying a U.N. ban on the isolated country testing such weapons. The launch came days before Chinese President Xi Jinping's...
2097687	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-06-29 14:59:52	North Korea launches two missiles, defies UN ban	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missiles into seas east off its coast on Sunday, South Korea's military said, defying a U.N. ban on the isolated country testing such weapons. The launch came days before Chinese President Xi Jinping's...
2097341	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-06-29 13:59:50	CORRECTED - North Korea launches two missiles, defies UN ban	SEOUL - (Corrects to talks will be held with Japan in third paragraph) North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missiles into seas east off its coast on Sunday, South Korea's military said, defying a U.N. ban on the isolated country testing such...
1561751	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-05-11 02:16:35	North Korea renews threat of nuclear test	SEOUL - North Korea yesterday (May 10) renewed a threat to conduct a nuclear test amid heightened concern that the reclusive state with a stockpile of missiles may set off an atomic device for the fourth time on the path to building a nuclear arsenal. North...
1349204	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-04-23 12:18:57	US warns North Korea against new nuclear test	WASHINGTON - The United States yesterday (April 22) said it was watching the Korean peninsula closely after reports that North Korea may be planning another nuclear test and it urged Pyongyang not to take any step that would threaten regional peace. South...
1668060	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-05-20 09:54:59	North Korea may be close to developing nuclear missile, some say	SEOUL - North Korea, which this month threatened to carry out a fourth nuclear test, may be closer than previously thought to putting a nuclear warhead on a missile, some experts say, making a mockery of years of U.N. sanctions aimed at curbing such a...
1469288	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-05-02 23:12:12	North Korea conducts engine tests for intercontinental ballistic missile	SEOUL - North Korea has recently conducted engine tests for an intercontinental ballistic missile that could potentially deliver a nuclear warhead to the United States, a US think-tank said yesterday. North Korea conducted at least one engine test for the...
2094532	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-06-29 03:59:35	North Korea fires more short-range missiles, South says	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range missiles into its eastern waters today (June 29), a South Korean official said, an apparent test fire that comes just days after the country tested what it called new precision-guided missiles. The Defense Ministry...
2095811	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-06-29 08:59:44	N.Korea launches two short-range Scud missiles in breach of UN sanctions	SEOUL - North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missiles into seas east off its coast on Sunday, South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said, in a breach of U.N. resolutions against the use of ballistic missile technology by the isolated country. The launch...
2206491	en_SGP_twoday_int	2014-07-09 04:04:05	North Korean nuclear and missile expert dies; more missiles fired	SEOUL - A former North Korean missile expert who was sanctioned by the United Nations for his role in the North's nuclear and missile weapons programmes has died, state media said on Wednesday. The announcement of Jon Pyong Ho's death came as North Korea...
6034544	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-04-09 22:26:34	US, South Korea talk; North fires missiles	SEOUL - North Korea has fired two surface-to-air missiles off its west coast, South Korea said yesterday, increasing tensions just as United States Defence Secretary Ashton Carter was due to arrive in Seoul. The two short-range missiles were fired on Tuesday,...
6023052	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-04-09 11:26:25	North Korea fires missiles into sea as U.S. defense chief visits region	OSAN, South Korea - North Korea has fired two surface-to-air missiles off its west coast, South Korea said on Thursday, with the latest in a string of short-range firings by the North coming shortly before the U.S. defense secretary arrived in the region. The...
6684165	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-09 16:47:03	North Korea boasts of firing ballistic missile from submarine	SEOUL - North Korea said on Saturday it had successfully test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine, a step which would mark significant progress in the secretive state's military capabilities. It could pose a new threat to South Korea, Japan and the...
6713558	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-11 05:47:54	South Korea expresses concern over North's submarine missile test	SEOUL - South Korea said on Monday North Korea's recent test-firing of a submarine-based ballistic missile is a very serious and concerning matter, although it also said Pyongyang's capability with the weapon is at an early stage of development. Pyongyang's...
6714403	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-11 06:47:54	South Korea expresses concern over North's submarine missile test	SEOUL - North Korea's recent test-firing of a ballistic missile from a submarine was very serious and concerning, South Korea said on Monday, with one defence official suggesting Pyongyang could have a fully operational platform in two or three...
5904727	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-04-03 15:24:13	North Korea fires short-range missiles ahead of U.S. defense chief visit to Seoul	SEOUL - North Korea on Friday test-fired four missiles off its west coast, a week ahead of a visit to Seoul by the U.S. defense secretary, in what South Korea called a bid to stoke tension during its joint military drills with the United States. North Korea...
6683340	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-09 15:47:21	U.S. calls for North Korean restraint after missile test report	WASHINGTON - The United States called on North Korea on Saturday to refrain from taking actions that inflame tensions in the region after state media reported Pyongyang test-fired a submarine-launched ballistic missile. A State Department official would not...
6044303	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-04-10 10:26:48	North Korea seen intent on provocation but no sign of nuclear test	SEOUL - North Korea is intent on using missile launches to increase regional tension but it does not appear to be preparing for a fourth nuclear test or long-range missile launch, the U.S. and South Korean defense ministers said on Friday. North Korea fired...
6719292	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-11 11:47:58	South Korea urges North to halt submarine missile tests	SEOUL - North Korea's test-firing of a ballistic missile from a submarine was very serious and concerning, South Korea said on Monday, with one defence official suggesting Pyongyang could have a fully operational platform in two or three years. Pyongyang's...
6685899	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-09 18:47:25	North Korea boasts of firing ballistic missile from submarine	SEOUL - North Korea said on Saturday it had successfully test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine, a step that would mark significant progress in the secretive state's military capabilities. It could pose a new threat to South Korea, Japan and the...
6676065	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-09 06:47:12	North Korea says test-fires submarine-launch ballistic missile: KCNA	SEOUL - North Korea said on Saturday it has successfully conducted an underwater test-fire of a submarine-launched ballistic missile, which, if true, would indicate progress in the secretive state's pursuit of building missile-equipped submarines. The North's...
6720444	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-11 12:47:58	North Korea seen years from sub-launched missile to threaten the U.S.	SEOUL - North Korea made a key step in its nuclear weapons program by test-launching a ballistic missile from a submarine, but remains years away from developing a missile system or submarine which could threaten its sworn enemy the United States, experts...
6760554	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-13 04:48:12	North Korea didn’t launch submarine missile, US officials say	WASHINGTON/SEOUL – North Korea didn't launch a ballistic missile from a submarine, contrary to its government proclamations and news reports, according to two US officials. Instead, the US intelligence assessment is that the secretive communist country may...
5952477	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-04-06 06:25:14	North Korea declares no-sail zone, missile launch seen as possible: reports	SEOUL - North Korea has declared a no-sail zone for its ships off its east coast, South Korean media reported on Monday, suggesting more missile launches are possible before the U.S. defense chief visits Seoul this week. Pyongyang fired four short-range...
5952475	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-04-06 06:25:14	North Korea declares no-sail zone, missile launch seen as possible-reports	SEOUL - North Korea has declared a no-sail zone for its ships off its east coast, South Korean media reported today (April 6), suggesting more missile launches are possible before the US defence chief visits Seoul this week. Pyongyang fired four short-range...
6683290	en_SGP_twoday_int	2015-05-09 15:47:02	North Korea boasts firing ballistic missile from subs in new potential threat	SEOUL - North Korea said on Saturday it had successfully conducted an underwater test-fire of a submarine-launched ballistic missile, which, if true, would indicate progress in the secretive state's pursuit of building missile-equipped submarines. An ability...
510201	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-04 03:18:20	N Korea launches missiles, S Korea fumes	North Korea test fired two short-range missiles causing alarm to South Korea.
2322970	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-07-21 06:21:44	N Korea defends missile tests, warns 'gangster' US	North Korea's top military body today defended its recent missile tests as a legitimate exercise in self-defence, and said South Korean and US charges of provocation were malicious and hypocritical.
2325883	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-07-21 12:21:46	N Korea defends missile tests, warns US	North Korea's top military body today defended its recent missile tests as a legitimate exercise in self-defence, and said South Korean and US charges of provocation were malicious and hypocritical.
2076764	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-06-27 07:57:39	North Korea tests new precision-guided missiles	North Korea said on Friday that leader Kim Jong-un has guided the test launches of its newly developed precision guided missiles, in a possible reference to three short-range projectiles South Korean officials say the North fired toward its waters a day earlier.
2095684	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-06-29 08:57:59	North Korea launches two short-range Scud missiles in breach of UN sanctions	North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missiles into seas east off its coast on Sunday, South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said, in a breach of U.N. resolutions against the use of ballistic missile technology by the isolated country.
2096022	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-06-29 09:58:00	North Korea launches two missiles in breach of UN sanctions	North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missiles into seas east off its coast on Sunday, South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said, in a breach of U.N. resolutions against the use of ballistic missile technology by the isolated country.
770730	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-22 03:17:38	N Korea test-fired 30 missiles into sea: S Korea	North Korea test-fired 30 short-range missiles into the sea on Saturday, South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said, the latest in a series of launches that have provoked criticism from Seoul and Washington.
804647	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-03-26 03:18:47	Defiant N Korea fires 2 ballistic missiles: Seoul	North Korea today test-fired two medium-range ballistic missiles, South Korea said, a defiant challenge to a meeting by the leaders of rivals South Korea, Japan and the United States.
2206337	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-07-09 03:59:34	N Korea fires two missiles: Seoul	North Korea today fired two suspected short-range missiles off its eastern coast in the latest in a series of missile tests, South Korea said.
2322969	en_IND_tindia_int	2014-07-21 06:21:44	NKorea defends missile tests, warns 'gangster' US	North Korea's top military body today defended its recent missile tests as a legitimate exercise in self-defence, and said South Korean and US charges of provocation were malicious and hypocritical.
7224118	en_IND_tindia_int	2015-06-03 12:01:40	South Korea test-fires missiles capable of striking all of North Korea	At the same launch pad Wednesday, South Korea tested another missile aimed at shooting down an enemy ballistic missile, the defense official said.
5426570	en_IND_tindia_int	2015-03-13 08:32:46	North Korea fires missiles into sea again, South says	North Korea has test fired seven short-range missiles into the sea, South Korea said Friday, in its latest launch of missiles during joint military drills between South Korea and the United States.
6673025	en_IND_tindia_int	2015-05-09 02:44:59	North Korea says successfully test-fired underwater ballistic missile	North Korea announced Saturday the successful test-firing of a submarine-based ballistic missile — a technology that would offer the nuclear-armed state a survivable second-strike nuclear capability.
6675096	en_IND_tindia_int	2015-05-09 05:45:00	North Korea test-fires submarine-launch ballistic missile: Report	North Korea said on Saturday that it has successfully conducted an underwater test-fire of a submarine-launched ballistic missile, which, if true, would indicate progress in the secretive state's pursuit of building missile-equipped submarines.
6682279	en_IND_tindia_int	2015-05-09 14:45:05	North Korea test-fires submarine-launched ballistic missile	North Korea said on Saturday that it had successfully test-fired a submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) — a technology that could eventually offer the nuclear-armed state a survivable second-strike capability.
6693675	en_IND_tindia_int	2015-05-10 05:45:10	North Korea boasts of firing ballistic missile from submarine	North Korea said on Saturday it had successfully test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine, a step that would mark significant progress in the secretive state's military capabilities.
5173245	en_IND_tindia_int	2015-03-02 05:55:49	North Korea test fires 2 short-range missiles	North Korea on Monday fired two short-range ballistic missiles into the sea and warned of merciless strikes against its enemies as allies Seoul and Washington launched annual military drills Pyongyang claims are preparation for a northward invasion.
4700516	en_IND_tindia_int	2015-02-08 11:48:40	North Korea fires short-range missiles off coast	North Korea fired five short-range missiles off its east coast on Sunday, in a demonstration of military muscle by the secretive state amid escalating rhetoric against the United States and South Korea.
5903357	en_IND_tindia_int	2015-04-03 14:22:46	North Korea fires four short-range missiles into sea	North Korea test-fired four short-range missiles into the sea off its west coast Friday in an operation apparently supervised by leader Kim Jong-Un amid heightened military tensions, a South Korean military spokesman said.

2 anti:rally:europe:semitic:islam:attacks:people:leaders:oxford:night
522717	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-05 14:18:47	Supercar rumble wakes Europe	EUROPE celebrated emerging from years in the car-market doldrums with a calvacade of supercars at the Geneva motor show.
2925428	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-14 16:53:07	‘Yes’ fallout to be felt across Europe	A SCOTTISH “yes” vote would bring to the boil a mix of separatist groups that has been simmering for years across Europe.
4200989	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-06 15:17:29	German anti-migrant rally lures crowds	A RECORD 18,000 people turned out yesterday for an anti-immigrant rally in Berlin by a right-wing populist movement.
6269707	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-21 02:37:35	Stop the boats, PM tells Europe	Tony Abbott says European leaders need to follow Australia’s lead with “very strong policies” to counter people smuggling.
6271305	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-21 04:37:35	Stop the boats, PM tells Europe	Tony Abbott says Europe must follow Australia’s lead to end people smuggling as Italy arrests the captain of the boat which sank killing up to 900.
2387975	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-07-26 08:09:05	No one to hear rebels’ rallying cry	THE 1950s Soviet-style rallying posters put up across usually busy streets in Donetsk call on locals to join the separatist fight.
2976912	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-18 17:53:15	Bagpipers, free taxis rally in Scotland	BAGPIPERS, private taxi firms and last-minute rallies have been organised to inspire, assist and annoy Scottish voters into going to the polling stations.
96234	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-05 15:41:32	Youth salute 'anti-Jew comic'	A FRENCH Muslim comic's embrace of anti-semitic jokes has polarised the country.
4259213	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-12 03:59:46	Two million rally as Europe braces	MORE than 40 world leaders marched with a crowd of at least two million through Paris last night to honour 17 victims of terror attacks.
4271925	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-12 21:59:59	Anti-Islam group rallies in Charlie’s name	Thousands of anti-Islamic protesters have held a mass rally in Germany in the wake of the Paris terror attacks.
4293552	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-13 22:00:04	Far-right mobilise across Europe	TENSIONS between the far-right and mainstream are on the rise around Europe in the wake of last week’s events in France.
190661	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-18 17:26:04	Ukraine opposition to rally	PRO-EU Ukrainians were reinforcing barricades in Kiev last night ahead of a new mass rally, defying President Viktor Yanukovych.
3030844	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-23 17:05:23	Rally at ‘anti-Semitic’ opera opening	THE Metropolitan Opera in New York has faced demands to cancel a production critics have called anti-Semitic.
919848	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-07 02:51:55	Right, anti-semite parties win in Hungary	HUNGARY’S far-right prime minister, Viktor Orban, has stormed home in the country’s election, as the anti-Roma, anti-semitic party increased its vote.
473292	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-27 00:09:00	YouTube told to pull anti-Islam film	A COURT has ordered YouTube to take down an anti-Islamic movie after an actress alleged she had been duped into appearing in it.
6683643	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-09 16:43:54	Oxford anti-sexism class	Oxford University rugby players must attend anti-misogyny workshops promoted by an Australian to enter the biggest tournament of the season.
6685300	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-09 18:43:54	Oxford anti-sexism drive	Oxford University rugby players must attend anti-misogyny workshops promoted by an Australian to enter the biggest tournament of the season.
4239151	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-09 16:17:34	Uncle Sam to close 15 bases in Europe	THE Pentagon yesterday unveiled sweeping plans to consolidate its forces in Europe to save $US500m a year.
2368757	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-07-24 17:08:59	Europe anti-Semitism ‘worst since Nazis’	CONFLICT in the Middle East is fuelling anti-Semitism in Europe on a scale not seen since the time of Hitler, Jewish groups say.
4858758	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-02-15 15:12:09	Officials rally behind Kirchner	MEMBERS of the Argentine government rallied ­behind President Cristina Kirchner yesterday.
4248408	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-10 18:17:36	Mass rallies follow sieges, deaths	MORE than 700,000 people rally in France after the Islamist attacks. LIVE UPDATES
4254347	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-11 16:17:37	A million rally as Europe braces	MORE than 40 world leaders marched through Paris last night to honour 17 victims of three days of terrorist attacks.
4255148	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-11 18:17:38	A million rally as Europe braces	MORE than 40 world leaders, in a crowd estimated at one million, marched through Paris last night to honour 17 victims of terrorist attacks.
272637	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-29 15:29:38	Ex-security chief in anti-graft net	CHINA's anti-corruption crusade may be about to net its most high-profile scalp.
2148276	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-07-03 16:57:49	Unity over politics, urges Maliki	NOURI al-Maliki told his nation yesterday that rallying behind his government was more ­important than a political solution.
4252096	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-11 09:17:37	Hundreds attend rally at Martin Place	HUNDREDS of people have attended a rally in Sydney’s Martin Place to show global solidarity against terrorism after the Charlie Hebdo killings.
4082748	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-12-23 15:00:16	German anti-Islam protests growing	Protesters held for their 10th rally in as many weeks, celebrating their far-right movement by singing Christmas carols.
7287517	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-06 06:57:29	US mulls sending missiles to Europe	The US is considering deploying missiles in Europe for the first time since the Cold War to counter Russia.

3 turkey:erdogan:tayyip:turkish:recep:party
7320998	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-08 00:57:33	Kurds break through in Turkey polls	Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s ruling party has lost its majority in Turkey’s general election as the Kurds make large gains.
7336760	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-08 17:57:35	Erdogan suffers shock poll blow	Turkey’s Islamic-rooted ruling party has lost its absolute parliamentary majority for the first time in 13 years.
847785	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-31 01:17:19	Rivals will pay, Turkey PM warns	TURKEY’S Premier Recep Tayyip Erdogan has claimed victory for his party in key local elections
848102	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-31 02:17:19	Rivals will pay, Turkey PM warns	TURKEY’S Premier Recep Tayyip Erdogan has claimed victory for his party in key local elections.
845042	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-30 17:17:20	‘Ottoman slap’ only answer: Erdogan	RECEP Tay­yip Erdogan has urged voters in key local elections to deal his foes an “Ottoman slap”
7320158	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-07 23:57:33	Blow to Erdogan as majority lost	Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s ruling party has lost its majority in Turkey’s general election and will need to form a coalition.
6087986	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-12 17:21:39	Turks, Kurds shatter ceasefire	The uneasy peace between ­Turkey and Kurdish rebels has been shattered by deadly gunfights near Turkey’s border with Iran.
7358947	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-09 16:57:37	Peace dream as Erdogan licks wounds	The electoral success of the People’s Democratic Party could end decades of violence in Turkey’s southeast.
7428958	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-12 16:33:45	Erdogan breaks silence to urge unity	The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has called for the swift formation of a new coalition government.
5495718	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-16 15:35:12	Turkey deports British teen jihadists	TURKEY has signalled a shift in the cat-and-mouse effort to stem the flow of recruits to Islamic State.
3007782	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-21 17:53:24	Turkey opens to fleeing Syrian Kurds	TENS of thousands of ­Syrian Kurds have flooded into Turkey, fleeing an onslaught by the jihadist Islamic State group.
3012103	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-22 05:53:25	Turks fire tear gas at Kurd refugees	OVER 100,000 people have fled across the Syrian border into Turkey in two days after Istanbul bowed to pressure to let them in.
3022048	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-22 23:53:28	130,000 refugees flee to Turkey	MORE than 130,000 Syrian Kurds have fled across the border into Turkey, escaping the Islamic State.
3098737	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-29 16:33:23	Turkey changes spots for neighbours	AS the reality of the Middle East is being redefined, the role of Turkey is crucial.
2561524	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-08-11 01:10:59	Victorious Erdogan appeals to critics	TURKISH Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has vowed a “new era” of reconciliation after winning a historic presidential election.
2569225	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-08-11 17:10:59	Erdogan vows to be leader for all	PRIME Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan won Turkey’s first direct presidential election yesterday.
133423	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-10 16:43:53	Erdogan in bid to muzzle judiciary	THE Turkish government was planning to present a law overnight curbing the independence of the judiciary and restricting internet use.
3233577	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-10 15:33:58	Erdogan slams ‘sabotage’ of peace	TURKISH President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has vowed that the peace process with Kurds will not be derailed by “sabotage”.
3985529	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-12-14 21:42:27	Turkey arrests 27 in swoop on anti-Erdogan media	TURKISH police have arrested 27 journalists in raids on media critics of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
782254	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-23 23:17:08	Turkey shoots down Syrian warplane	SYRIA has accused Ankara of “flagrant aggression” after Turkey shot down a warplane near the border.
6177912	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-16 17:37:25	Turkey rebuffs MEPs on Armenia	The European parliament has urged Turkey to use the centenary of Ottoman-era massacres to “recognise the Armenian genocide” .
3233578	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-10 15:33:58	Turkey seeks buffer zone	TURKEY has been seeking to establish a buffer zone against the Kurds on the other side of its border with Syria for the past three years.
7275802	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-05 17:01:52	Erdogan’s poll to cement power	Billed as Turkey’s most important election in a decade, tomorrow’s decider will test whether President Erdogan can get more power.
7288237	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-06 07:57:29	Erdogan needs cutting down to size	Given Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s vanity and gamesmanship, it is difficult to see how tomorrow’s election is going to end well.
2541328	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-08-08 17:24:50	OSCE criticizes Erdogan for targeting journalist	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) A European security organization is accusing Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of intimidating a journalist and threatening her safety after he lashed out at her during a campaign rally ahead of Sunday's...
2749158	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-08-27 12:27:53	Turkish party to confirm Erdogan's successor	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) Turkey's ruling party convened on Wednesday to confirm Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu as its new chairman and prime minister-designate, to replace Recep Tayyip Erdogan as he becomes president a position he...
2566565	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-08-11 12:26:22	Turkey's Erdogan begins search for new premier	ISTANBUL (AP) Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan was convening his ruling party leadership Monday to find a new premier for Turkey following his victory in the country's historic first direct vote for president.Unofficial vote...
2420605	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-07-29 14:31:31	Turkish PM Erdogan returning Jewish American award	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan is returning an award given to him by a Jewish American group in 2004, after the group asked for it back because of comments he made regarding the conflict in Gaza.Turkey's...
3006812	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-09-21 15:40:42	Turkey: We'll keep secret behind hostage release	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says his government will not reveal details of a covert operation that ensured the release of 49 people held hostage by the Islamic State group.The hostages 46 Turks and...
3008087	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-09-21 18:40:46	Erdogan: Turkey won't give hostage release details	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) The Turkish government won't reveal details of a covert operation that ensured the release of 49 people held hostage by the Islamic State group, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Sunday.The hostages 46 Turks...
2747864	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-08-27 10:27:52	Turkish party to confirm Erdogan's successor	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) Turkey's ruling party is holding a congress to confirm Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu as its new chairman and prime minister-designate, to replace president-elect Recep Tayyip Erdogan.Erdogan, who is scheduled...
2680681	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-08-21 11:26:02	With Erdogan at helm, Turkey to choose premier	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) Turkish ruling party leaders are poised to choose a new party chairman and prime minister to succeed president-elect Recep Tayyip Erdogan.Party officials are convening Thursday to pick a leader whom analysts...
2682096	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-08-21 13:26:04	With Erdogan at helm, Turkey to choose premier	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his ruling party were poised Thursday to choose his successor as party chairman and prime minister, with expectations high that the man who has dominated Turkish politics for more than...
3034470	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-09-23 23:03:55	Turkey is considering a military role against IS	NEW YORK (AP) Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says he is considering expanding support of NATO operations against the Islamic State group to include military involvement.His comments Tuesday to Turkish reporters in New York...
2494102	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-08-05 00:36:12	Congress losing patience with Turkey's Erdogan	WASHINGTON (AP) Members of the U.S. Congress are losing patience with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan.In a sharply worded letter, Democrats and Republicans who've led House efforts to advance U.S.-Turkish relations...
3035116	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-09-24 00:03:57	Turkey considers military role against ISIL	NEW YORK (AP) Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Tuesday he is considering expanding support for Western and Arab operations against the Islamic State group to include military involvement.His comments Tuesday to Turkish...
3160457	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-10-04 14:20:38	Turkish president demands apology from Biden	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Saturday demanded an apology from U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and warned he would become history for me over comments in which he said the Turkish leader had admitted that...
2686187	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-08-21 19:26:20	Turkey's ruling party nominates Foreign Minister Davutoglu to succeed Erdogan as premier	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) Turkey's ruling party nominates Foreign Minister Davutoglu to succeed Erdogan as premier.
3159790	en_NZL_nzhera_int	2014-10-04 12:20:35	Turkish president demands apology from Biden	ANKARA, Turkey (AP) President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is demanding an apology from U.S. Vice President Joe Biden over comments in which he said the Turkish leader had admitted to him that Turkey had allowed foreign fighters to cross...
3459403	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-10-29 18:23:45	EN IMAGES. Turquie : le président Erdogan étrenne sa «Maison-Blanche»	Le chef de l'Etat turc Recep Tayyip Erdogan a étrenné mercredi, à l'occasion de l'anniversaire de la fondation de la République, son nouveau, gigantesque et très controversé palais présidentiel en...
2559822	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-08-10 21:08:58	Turquie : Erdogan remporte la présidentielle dès le premier tour	C'est le grand jour pour Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Crédité d'un peu plus de 52% des voix à l'issue du premier tour des élections présidentielle en Turquie, le chef du gouvernement islamo-conservateur...
573887	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-03-12 17:48:25	EN IMAGES. Turquie : heurts à Istanbul et Ankara	Le spectre de la révolte de Gezi resurgit pour le Premier ministre turc, Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Après 269 jours de coma, le jeune Berkin Elvan,15 ans, a succombé à ses blessures mardi matin. Ce...
7307698	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2015-06-07 09:56:12	Législatives en Turquie : l'islamo-conservateur Erdogan joue gros	La Turquie va-t-elle changer de régime ? Les Turcs ont commencé à voter dimanche pour élire leurs députés dans un scrutin déterminant pour l'avenir du président islamo-conservateur Recep Tayyip...
7311861	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2015-06-07 14:56:13	VIDEOS. Législatives en Turquie : l'islamo-conservateur Erdogan joue gros	La Turquie va-t-elle changer de régime ? Les Turcs ont commencé à voter dimanche pour élire leurs députés dans un scrutin déterminant pour l'avenir du président islamo-conservateur Recep Tayyip...
7316345	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2015-06-07 19:56:14	Législatives en Turquie : le parti d'Erdogan perdrait la majorité absolue	Le parti islamo-conservateur du président Recep Tayyip Erdogan est arrivé en tête aux élections législatives de ce dimanche mais il pourrait perdre la majorité absolue qu'il détenait depuis treize...
7318090	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2015-06-07 21:56:15	Législatives en Turquie : le parti d'Erdogan perd la majorité absolue	Le parti du président turc Recep Tayyip Erdogan a essuyé un sérieux revers ce dimanche aux élections législatives et perdu sa majorité absolue détenue depuis treize ans au Parlement, enterrant de...
3756111	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-11-24 15:49:48	L'égalité hommes-femmes, un concept «contre-nature» pour le président turc Erdogan	Les nouvelles déclarations du président turc Recep Tayyip Erdogan risquent de faire du bruit dans les milieux féministes turcs, voire au-delà. Habitué aux propos sexistes, ce-dernier a déclaré...
4334141	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2015-01-15 17:57:27	Turquie : une ex-Miss jugée pour insulte au président	Une ancienne reine de beauté turque, Merve Büyüksaraç, a dû témoigner devant un tribunal d'Istanbul pour avoir prétendument insulté le président Recep Tayyip Erdogan dans une poésie qu'elle a...
2558946	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-08-10 19:08:58	Turquie : Erdogan remporte la présidentielle dès le premier tour	C'est le grand jour pour Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Alors que quelque 53 millions de votants étaient attendus aux urnes ce dimanche en Turquie, l'actuel Premier ministre est donné gagnant dès le premier...
779284	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-03-23 14:17:01	Turquie : le président Gül veut lever le blocage de Twitter	Comme un caillou dans le jardin d'Erdogan. Le président turc Abdullah Gül a déclaré ce dimanche que le blocage de Twitter par le gouvernement turc du Premier ministre Erdogan, qui a suscité des...
847112	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-03-30 23:19:47	VIDEO. Municipales en Turquie : le parti d'Erdogan serait en tête	D'après résultats partiels, le parti du Premier ministre Recep Tayyip Erdogan a pris nettement la tête sur l'opposition dimanche lors des élections municipales en Turquie, cruciales pour l'avenir...
847481	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-03-31 00:19:47	VIDEO. Municipales en Turquie : Erdogan s'impose, duel serré à Ankara	Le Premier ministre turc Recep Tayyip Erdogan a confirmé dimanche son emprise politique sur la Turquie avec la nette victoire de son parti aux élections municipales, balayant dans les urnes des...
1805542	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-05-31 14:56:32	Manifestation à Istanbul : Erdogan menace de faire usage de la force	La place Taksim, épicentre d'un mouvement de révolte d'une partie de la jeunesse turque, est sous surveillance accrue ce samedi. Les adversaires du Premier ministre turc Recep Tayyip Erdogan se...
1807492	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-05-31 19:56:36	VIDEOS. Turquie : la police tire des gaz lacrymogènes sur des manifestants	La place Taksim, épicentre d'un mouvement de révolte d'une partie de la jeunesse turque il y a un an, est sous surveillance accrue ce samedi. Les adversaires du Premier ministre turc Recep Tayyip...
2564341	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-08-11 09:09:07	Turquie : Erdogan, élu président, prêche la réconciliation	Dimanche soir, tout juste élu président de la Turquie, Recep Tayyip Erdogan a prononcé un discours rassembleur, qui détonnait avec une campagne au ton très agressif. Tandis qu'il avait multiplié...
845381	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-03-30 18:19:42	VIDEO. Municipales en Turquie : Erdogan joue son avenir	Le Premier ministre Recep Tayyip Erdogan, contesté dans la rue et éclaboussé depuis des mois par des accusations de corruption, joue ce dimanche son avenir à la tête de la Turquie: les  élections...
1352084	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-04-23 17:18:48	Génocide arménien : Erdogan présente les condoléances de la Turquie	C'est un séisme politique en Turquie. Le Premier ministre, Recep Tayyip Erdogan a officiellement présenté ce mercredi les condoléances de la Turquie aux «petits-fils des Arméniens tués en 1915»....
1350063	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-04-23 13:57:39	Génocide arménien : Erdogan présente les condoléances de la Turquie	C'est un séisme politique en Turquie. Le premier ministre, Recep Tayyip Erdogan a officiellement présenté les condoléances de la Turquie aux «petits-fils des Arméniens tués en 1915» ce mercredi....
3767094	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-11-25 12:50:23	L'égalité hommes-femmes est «contre-nature» pour le président turc Erdogan	Les nouvelles déclarations du président turc Recep Tayyip Erdogan risquent de faire du bruit dans les milieux féministes turcs, voire au-delà. Habitué aux propos sexistes, ce-dernier a déclaré...
3513715	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-11-03 18:05:20	VIDEO. Istanbul : Erdogan fait lui même la police contre les fumeurs	Le N°1 turc Recep Tayyip Erdogan avait promis d'être un président actif et il a dépassé les espoirs de ses plus fervents partisans en faisant lui-même respecter dimanche dans les rues d'Istanbul...
4106319	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-12-26 13:01:07	Turquie : libération du lycéen écroué pour «insulte» à Erdogan	Son histoire a ému tout le pays. Mercredi dernier, un lycéen de 16 ans a été inculpé et incarcéré à Konya (centre de la Turquie), pour «insulte au président» Recep Tayyip Erdogan, lors d'une...
1723843	fr_FRA_lepari_int	2014-05-24 17:55:33	Turquie : le conseiller d'Erdogan qui avait frappé un manifestant a été limogé	La photo de son geste et l'émoi qu'elle a a suscité ont finalement eu raison de lui. Un conseiller du Premier ministre turc Recep Tayyip Erdogan qui avait frappé un manifestant sur les lieux de...

4 will:pay:plans:tax:years:week:sign:china:final:hope
1648547	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-05-18 17:10:50	Politics becomes just a spectator sport	WE learnt this week that for a modest sum it will become possible to book a corner on a space rocket for a little parcel of one's own.
1666123	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-05-20 05:55:46	Split to cost oligarch very, very dearly	A SWISS court has ordered a Russian billionaire to pay his ex-wife $US4.5bn, in what could become the world’s biggest divorce settlement.
171724	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-16 06:26:37	Costly hiring backfires on Yahoo's Mayer	YAHOO CEO Marissa Mayer is cutting loose her top lieutenant in a possible sign that efforts to revive advertising sales aren't paying off.
4114415	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-12-27 14:00:23	Hollywood lunches on Interview	THE US film industry is watching closely to see just where audiences will choose to place their dollars in the coming days of The Interview release.
876548	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-02 16:47:55	Lisbon tries luck with tax prize	PORTUGAL'S cash-strapped government has begun a clampdown on tax evaders by offering customers the chance to win a luxury car.
381063	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-13 02:37:10	Belgium’s child euthanasia move	CHILDREN will be allowed to end their lives with the help of a doctor, as Belgium plans the world's most radical euthanasia law.
5192906	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-03 01:14:57	Lehman pays $US44m in bonuses	LEHMAN Brothers collapsed more than six years ago, but the failed investment bank is still paying millions in bonuses to the team winding down its business.
5227801	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-04 14:40:26	Congress will leap to Xi’s command	THREE thousand delegates will today walk into the Great Hall of the People in Beijing for one of China’s great ritual events.
2271372	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-07-16 17:20:49	New Hajj speakers carry call for 10km	MUSLIMS pilgrims arriving in Mecca this year will be greeted with 4000 new speakers at the city’s grand mosque.
408555	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-02-17 15:37:46	Tax relief a short-term fix for India	INDIA’S outgoing government has acknowledged a sharp decline in its manufacturing sector by delivering short-term tax relief.
2276709	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-07-17 03:20:50	How James Bond missed the train	PLANS to make Daniel Craig’s Bond the face of Indian Railways collapsed after a dispute between makers of Skyfall and Delhi.
2884228	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-11 00:37:31	Minister ‘forgot’ to pay rent	FORMER French trade minister Thomas Thevenoud, who was sacked for tax irregularities last week, failed to pay the rent on his Paris apartment.
2886343	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-11 03:37:31	Fear in the City as Scottish vote looms	LONDON’S financial markets are in turmoil with banks and investors increasingly jittery that the Scots will vote to go it alone next week.
2895161	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-11 17:37:36	Probe into NFL basher	AN independent invest­igation will look into the handling of US footballer Ray Rice’s domestic violence incident.
3464395	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-30 04:25:04	Anger over Hungary’s online iron curtain tax	PROTESTERS vowed to step up their fight against the world’s first internet tax.
3471318	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-30 16:05:44	Hi-tech fix for Sistine frescoes	A REVOLUTIONARY lighting system brings out the original colours while ventilation will adjust for every extra visitor.
3043978	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-24 17:05:39	Shaw’s spade up for sale	GEORGE Bernard Shaw’s spade and an unpublished poem by Ray Bradbury will be sold together in a rare combination of the arts of literature and gardening.
946223	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-09 06:43:35	Rooney left estate worth just $18k	MICKEY Rooney signed his last will just weeks ago, leaving a modest estate to a stepson who had been his caretaker.
4973610	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-02-20 15:13:47	Wild ponies ride to the rescue	WILD ponies vanished from Czech soil years ago but are now conservationists hope an imported herd will rescue the unique ecosystem.
153777	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-14 04:02:38	Microsoft to dump Windows 8	MICROSOFT plans to cut its losses on Windows 8, jettisoning the software in an attempt to appease millions of disgruntled users.
6121491	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-14 07:37:18	3-D tool to build houses on Mars	Researchers are confident astronauts of the future will be able to construct dwellings in space from bricks made with 3-D printers using dust as ink.
6146454	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-15 09:37:22	US to exhume Pearl Harbour sailors	The Pentagon will exhume almost 400 sailors killed in Pearl Harbour in the hope of identifying their remains more than 70 years on.
5464406	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-15 04:35:08	Rescue teams head to Vanuatu	AUSTRALIA will provide a ‘life-saving’ package of $5 million and humanitarian supplies to help cyclone-ravaged Vanuatu.
983323	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-12 12:45:54	We’ll block FTA plans, say Greens	THE Greens and independent senator Nick Xenophon have said the government will face a battle if it seeks to ease foreign investment restrictions.
6141376	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-15 03:37:22	Spacewalk video out of this world	Ever wondered what it would be like to take a spacewalk? This stunning GoPro vision is about as close as most of us will get | WATCH
7512438	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-16 16:34:01	World pays tribute to Magna Carta	On the same meadow, the 800th anniversary of the sealing of Magna Carta was celebrated.
5551776	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-18 21:36:59	Kate’s due date scuppers Gallipoli plans	THE due date of the Duchess of Cambridge’s second child has changed William’s plans to attend the Gallipoli service in Turkey.
2422820	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-07-29 17:33:16	Forum seeks revitalised plan	THE Pacific Islands Forum will be reshaped by 16 leaders at the annual summit today and tomorrow.
1012374	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-15 17:46:00	Wrong twins ‘will do’ for mum	A WOMAN who is pregnant with another couple's twins, after a mix-up at an Italian fertility clinic, plans to keep the babies.
4299338	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-14 05:00:05	Whale testicle beer hard to swallow	A BREWING company’s plan for a seasonal beer flavoured with smoked whale testicle have infuriated conservationists.
4308936	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-14 15:00:15	Cartoons will ‘stir hatred’	SUNNI Islam’s most prestigious centre of learning warns new ­Mohammed cartoons will only “stir up hatred”.
7620992	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-06-21 16:34:12	Singapore ties to be strengthened	Tony Abbott will fly to Singapore on Saturday to sign a historic comprehensive strategic partnership with the island-nation.
6354988	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-04-24 17:06:54	Clinton to be hauled before congress	The Democrat nominee’s appearances will cause her to leave the campaign trail.
5568792	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-19 14:41:07	We’re safe, but Vanuatu needs you	THE first group of Australian volunteer teachers rescued from cyclone-hit Vanu­atu’s Pentecost island will be back at work “as soon as possible”.
1880019	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-06-06 17:19:22	China’s hope for carbon peak	CHINA hopes its emissions of greenhouse gases will peak “as early as possible” but its experts differ as to when it will happen.
4450537	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-26 23:04:42	New dawn or horror movie	ALEXIS Tsipras is gambling Berlin will cut him some slack.
3039201	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-09-24 09:05:38	Beer pipeline to be built in Bruges	A PIPELINE will carry beer under Bruges to protect the medieval Belgian city from damage by brewery trucks.
144617	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-12 22:44:15	Israel pays final respects to Sharon	ISRAELIS have flocked to catch a glimpse of Ariel Sharon's coffin and pay their final respects to the iconic former PM.
4466633	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-27 15:04:42	Common sense will win over investors	MARKETS remains nervous about far-left Syriza’s plans.
4485068	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-29 15:12:27	Hezbollah will pay for attack: Bibi	BENJAMIN Netanyahu warned Lebanon’s Hezbollah it will pay the “full price” after missiles killed two Israeli soldiers.
5035425	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-02-23 16:13:51	Greek tax plan to hit oligarchs	GREECE has drawn up a $10.6bn tax hitlist aimed at the country’s ­oligarchs and lucrative smuggling industry.
152589	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-14 00:02:41	Beam deal to create bourbon behemoth	JAPAN'S Suntory will buy Beam, the US maker of Jim Beam and Maker's Mark, for $US13.6bn.
1358719	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-24 06:05:42	Final ovation for iconic US guitar	A GUITAR factory in the US which has made instruments for music legends from Paul Simon to Glen Campbell will close in June after 47 years.
1365164	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-24 17:05:43	Curtain draws on longstanding Ovation	AN Ovation guitar factory that produced instruments for music legends from Paul Simon to Cat Stevens will be closing in June.
3419364	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-26 16:21:51	Glasses raised to pub poem	THE centenary of carousing poet Dylan Thomas’s birth will be marked by a reading of a newly discovered work — about a pub.
3793727	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-11-27 14:45:39	Rage and mistrust will linger	THE encounter between Michael Brown and Missouri policeman Darren Wilson lasted 90 seconds but will resonate for years.
4762528	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-02-11 07:11:54	Jon Stewart signs off from Daily Show	COMEDIAN Jon Stewart has announced he will leave the satirical and pioneering The Daily Show after 16 years.
1401924	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-28 04:05:48	Space ark planned for a dying planet	SCIENTISTS are working on plans for a living spaceship that will launch in 100 years' time to carry humans away from a dying Earth.
5399200	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-03-12 04:42:05	Berlusconi: Bunga bunga for everyone!	AFTER his final acquittal of paying for underage sex, Silvio Berlusconi is back on the campaign trail with a promise.
7007843	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-24 17:01:03	Iraqis ‘lack will to fight’: US
1409692	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-28 17:19:53	Bio-spaceship designed to save mankind	SCIENTISTS and architects are working on plans for a “living spaceship” to carry humans away from a dying Earth.
6654791	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-08 08:43:52	Greece slaps 18% tax on tourists	Tourists to Greek islands will be forced to pay an 18 per cent tax on hotel and restaurant bills so Athens can appease Brussels.
3152143	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-03 17:33:40	Zap on the wrist if you go astray	A NEW electronic bracelet will force users to heed their alarm clocks and go to the gym — by giving them an electric shock.
1416932	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-04-29 06:05:50	Size matters, for the future moviegoer	THE movie executive behind Shrek and Kung Fu Panda believes we may soon pay to see films by the size of the screen.
581885	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-13 15:38:16	Big win for Renzi with tax-cut plan	ITALY’S youngest Prime Minister staked his political future yesterday on a “historic” tax cut to kickstart the economy.
4870647	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-02-16 05:12:10	Heaven (and science) knows you’re miserable now	THIS will come as no surprise to fans of The Smiths, but English-language song lyrics really are among the bleakest categories of writing in the world.
507298	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-03 18:18:08	It’s Civvy Street for Fiji ruler	FIJIAN military ruler Frank Bainimarama will become a civilian tomorrow, after 39 years’ service.
4433623	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-01-20 14:59:09	Naipul, Theroux to bury hatchet	Famous literary enemies, Nobel laureate VS Naipaul and travel writer Paul Theroux, will share a stage in India.
6858964	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-17 16:44:07	Letterman laments US chat show decline	After a run of 33 years, Letterman will host his final episode of The Late Show this week.
2098285	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-06-29 16:57:39	Avatar fans to have triple treat	DIRECTOR James Cameron is planning a trilogy of sequels to the 3D science-fiction fantasy Avatar.
6911281	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-20 06:27:58	Huge fines loom in forex scandal	Five major banks will pay fines totalling billions of dollars for rigging the foreign exchange market, in a settlement expected today.
7100163	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-28 17:23:39	US rebukes China over Spratly claim	Defence Secretary Ash Carter says US will ‘fly, sail and operate wherever international law allows’.
577127	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-03-13 01:35:18	'Fabulous Fab' fined for fraud	A US judge has ordered former Goldman Sachs trader Fabrice Tourre to pay more than $920,000 for defrauding investors.
4926759	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-02-18 15:12:14	Athens seeking loan with no pain	GREECE will ask to ­extend its European loan agreement without signing up to the loathed duties of a full-blown bailout.
6936275	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-05-21 07:28:01	Cameron gets tough on migrants	Criminals awaiting deportation will be tagged and firms that recruit abroad before seeking to hire Britons prosecuted.
4870648	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-02-16 05:12:10	Killings may stretch tolerance to its limits	THE COPENHAGEN shootings will do nothing to ease tensions in Denmark between its Muslim community and the native population.
267800	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-01-29 01:29:47	Bra only unclips if you're hooked	A JAPANESE lingerie company has produced a bra they claim will only unlock when the wearer is really in love.
3290441	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-15 15:49:43	IT giants will pay to put babies on ice	FACEBOOK and Apple will give up to $23,000 in benefits to help employees pay for infertility treatments, sperm donors and to freeze their eggs.
2462407	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-08-01 18:33:23	Oxygen on Mars plan for NASA	ASA plans to make oxygen — a key ingredient of rocket fuel — on Mars early next decade.
4033064	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-12-18 15:43:43	Wilders to be tried for race hate	DUTCH far-right populist MP Geert Wilders will be tried for inciting racial hatred of Morrocans.
4880438	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-02-16 15:12:10	Graft war sparks extradition call	CHINA is urging Australia to finalise an extradition treaty that it hopes will help it bring corrupt officials to justice.
2731824	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-08-26 03:30:57	US ‘asked Qatar not to pay Curtis ransom’	WASHINGTON has said that it asked Qatar not to pay a ransom for Peter Curtis, consistent with its long standing policy.
3252229	en_AUS_austra_int	2014-10-12 16:34:05	Top brass face roast on lax plans	SENIOR army offic­ers will come under fire this week over the lax protection measures of a platoon before three Diggers’ murder.
5092261	en_AUS_austra_int	2015-02-26 04:37:32	Why pay tax? It’s theft say Greeks	OF all the challenges Greece has faced in recent years, prodding its citizens to pay their taxes has been one of the most difficult.

